I have restaurants matching your criteria in all price ranges. Do you have a preference on price?
Ok how about Charlie Chan, located at Regent Street City Centre. Postcode is cb21db with a cheap price. Can I help you further today?
Can I have more information for the train you're needing? Where are you departing from and arriving to?
I have train TR1840 leaving at 16:36 is that okay?
You're all set. Reference number is NJB87PAP . Is there anything else I can help you with today?
Thank for calling us today. I hope you have a good trip.
Congratulations on your upcoming anniversary! Cambridge offers a variety of lodging options, what is your price range?
I have several options for you, is there a particular area you are interested in during your stay?
I have one guesthouse that fits that criteria, Finches Bed and Breakfast. Would you like me to book for you?
Ok, your hotel stay at Finches Bed and Breakfast is booked, Reference number FKRO2HOW . Will there be anything else?
Sure, it's located in the centre area of town. The phone number is 01223368650. The entrance fee is 5 pounds.
The address is the old pumping station, cheddars lane. Did you want any more information about the museum?
The entrance fee is 5 pounds.
and what is your destination ?
Your taxi has been booked. It will be a grey volvo and the contact number is 07239297218.
Have a nice stay!
Where would you be coming from?
I can book you a Grey BMW with the contact number 07216877402. Is there anything else I can do for you today?
Thank you for contacting us and have a great day.
Do you have a specific place in mind that you will like to visit?
There are five colleges in that area that you can visit. Three of them are free to visit and two have a small entrance fee. What is your preference as far as that goes?
The phone for Churchill College is 01223336233. As far as the train goes, what day and time would you like to travel?
Okay, I have a train leaving at 14:01 and arriving by 16:44. Would you like me to book it for you?
The travel duration is 163 minutes, is there anything else I can do for you?
Okay. Thank you for choosing help desk.
I can recommend several restaurants in the centre of town. Are you looking for any type of food in particular
There is no matching restaurant. Would you like to change your search criteria?
I found 2 expensive european restaurants and 1 expensive modern european restaurant. Which kind would you prefer?
Okay, I can book your table at Eraina. They serve european food. How many in your party, what day and time please?
Are you looking to book for just yourself?
Great your reference number is 2K1P6FTA . Thank you.
Alright, there are three different trains leaving that morning that will get you there on time. Each one has a duration of twenty-eight minutes, should I book one of them?
OK, I've booked you 1 ticket on TR0514, departing stansted airport at 7:24 and arriving cambridge at 7:52. The reference number is P1C2KKFQ . Total fee is 10.1 GBP.
Is there anything else I can do for you?
Alright. I am glad I could be of assistance. If you need anything else feel free to say so. Goodbye.
There are many attractions available, including architecture, theatre, swimming pools, parks, night clubs, museums, and cinemas. What are you most interested in?
i would recommend primavera located in 10 king s parade, cb21sj. phone number is 01223357708.
Where will you be departing from?
The first train leaves at 5:01.
Booking was successful, the total fee is 107.4 GBP payable at the station . Reference number is : AEE0QDGA . Is there anything else I can help with?
Okay fantastic, have a great day.
Okay! What part of town would you like to visit?
Okay! What cuisine would you like to try?
We don't have any expensive Jamaican places in town. Do you want to try something else?
The Bedouin in the city centre is an expensive African restaurant. Would you like me to book it for you?
the phone number is 01223367660 and the postcode is cb12bd
There are 2 in that area. They are Scudamores Punting Co and The Cambridge Punter.
The postcode is cb21rs, and the phone number is 01223359750
Bye. I hope you enjoy your visit.
Yes, there is one such facility, The Cherry Hinton Village Centre, located at colville road, cherry hinton in the east side of town.
Unfortunately, we do not.
I have listings for 5, can i recommend one?
You may want to try castle galleries.
The Castle Galleries is located at Unit SU43, Grande Arcade, Saint Andrews Street. It's in the City Centre.
I have train TR8726 that would leave at 19:21 and get you to Stevenage at 20:10. Would that work for you?
Booking was successful, the total fee is 40.96 GBP payable at the station . Reference number is : MVFN99UC .
You are welcome. Thank you for contacting the Cambridge TownInfo centre. Goodbye.
I have 6 places. Would you prefer a guesthouse or a hotel?
I have the express by holiday inn cambridge. Would you like me to book it for you?
it has a two star rating
It is located at 15-17 norman way, coldhams business park.
great, what is your departure site?
And what time will you be needing to leave after or arrive by?
TR4276 leaves at 15:59, will this option work for you?
for how many people do i book?
I have booked one seat on TR4276. Your reference number is FKIX0BCE . Can I be of further assistance?
Do you need a taxi?
you are welcome
the pleasure is all mine
Wow just wow! Where will the taxi be from and what time?
I'm glad we could help you today. Good-bye.
There are quite a few trains that could suit your needs. Can you tell me where you would like to depart from?
There is a train that leaves London Kings Cross at 13:17 and arrives in Cambridge at 14:08. Does that time work for you?
Your booking was successful. The total fee is 188.8 GBP payable at the station. The reference number is 2EGCVFWC
Thank you and goodbye.
Do you have a preference for the type of food?
Midsummer House Restaurant serves British food. Would you like me to book you a table?
Booking was successful. The table will be reserved for 15 minutes. Reference number is : P0T1HLVC . Is there anything more I can do for you?
You're very welcome, enjoy your Cambridge visit!
Ok. and where are you departing from?
And what day will you be traveling on?
Is there a certain time you would like to leave after or arrive by?
TR1389 leaves at 21:29
Of course. The reference number is NI1LNIIP . The total fee is 56.56 which can be paid at the station.
I have 5 options for you. Do you have a price range in mind?
The three choices are Restaurant Alimentum, De Luca Cucina, and Riverside Brasserie. Do you require me to book the table?
Riverside Brasserie is located in the centre. Can I help you with anything else today?
Doubletree by Hilton Cambridge Granta Place Mill Lane is the address
It is located in the centre, would you like a reservation?
Sure. The Riverside Brasserie is located in the center area of town and the address is Doubletree by Hilton Cambridge Granta Place Mill Lane. Anything else today?
It seems there was a glitch in our system. Let me just confirm with you...is there anything else I can help you with today?
Thank you for contacting us today. Let us know if we can be of further assistance. Good-bye.
Where will you be heading?
The TR7248 leaves at 12:09, would you like a ticket on that train?
Yes the train arrives in Cambridge at 13:54 and the total cost of the journey is 30.24 pounds.
Glad to help. Contact me again if you would like a booking. Have a nice day. Bye.
i have at least five options for you. do you need free parking too?
Yes, I recommend the University Arms Hotel. Would you like ma to make a reservation for you?
Sure, their postcode is cb21ad and it's rated 4 stars.
Where are you heading to and departing from please?
I have train TR3412 leaving at 11:35 and arriving at 11:52.
Booking was successful, the total fee is 17.6 GBP payable at the station . Reference number is : 6VFKQ7J6 .
Can I help you with anything else?
Have a great trip.
Thank you for using Cambridge TownInfo centre. Have a good day!
Okay, where are you departing?
Sure I can help with that, the first train leaves ely at 05:35 and the last one runs at 13:35, do you have a particular time in mind?
Booked! You'll play 17.6 GBP at the station. Reference number: OJUFDKX1 .
Certainly. The Ruskin Gallery is a museum in the centre of town. It's free to enter. Would you like more information?
Their address is Anglia Ruskin University, East Road. And their phone number is 01245493131. Need anything else?
You're very welcome. Have a great time!
There are 133 trains traveling that path. What day would you like to travel on?
How about the TR1670? It meets your specifications and leaves at 11:40.
The train ride is 163 minutes, does this suit your needs?
It is 75.10 pounds.
Let's take care of the train first. The train will arrive by 14:23 in Cambridge. Would you like to book a ticket?
We have many expensive places in the center of town! Is there a particular type of cuisine you'd like to try?
How about darrys cookhouse and wine shop?
They are located at 40270 King Street City Centre. Postcode is cb11ln. Phone number is 01223505015. Can I book a table for you?
We appreciate your business. Thank for using the Cambridge Towninfo centre! Have a great day!
It looks like there aren't any 4-star hotels in the south. Would you like me to search another area or look for different kind of hotel?
It looks like if you wanted a hotel, you'd need to stay in the west part of town. There are guesthouses that meet your needs, though. Does that work?
sorry about that, actually rosa's bed and breakfast fits that criteria.
Ok, your room is booked for 2 people for 2 nights on wednesday. the reference number is OVUP7D9I . Is there anything else I can help you with?
maharajah tandoori is an expensive indian restaurant located in the west at 41518 Castle Street City Centre.
Sure your table at Maharajah Tandoori Restaurant has been booked. The table will be reserved for 15 minutes, reference number 4ENY97QO . Can I assist you with anything else?
to what destination, what time do you need it?
What time do you need the taxi?
Will be be getting picked up from rosa's bed and breakfast?
I have booked that taxi look for a white honda. The contact number is 07902962429.
You are more than welcome. May I help you with anything else?
I'm sorry, I didn't get any matches for Christmas food. Is there another food type you would like to eat?
I show 11 restaurants that serve british food. Do you have a certain price range or area?
I have a expensive restaurant named grafton hotel restaurant. Would you like reservations for that place?
Booking was successful. The table will be reserved for 15 minutes. Reference number is : MPF2RO5X . Do you need anything else?
Where will you be leaving from?
Train TR0995 arrives at london liverpool street at 11:27, will that do?
Booking was successful, the total fee is 92.96 GBP payable at the station . Reference number is : 3EPMFSFA .
No thank you that will be all
There are no matching options for japanese restaurants in the north, can I lookup something else?
I have one that is called Saigon City. It's more expensive and located in the north. Can I make a reservation for you?
The address is 169 High Street Chesterton Chesterton and the price range is fairly expensive. Would you like to make reservations?
There are 11 guesthouses in the north. Do you have a price range or amenities in mind?
The Acorn Guest House seems to fit those requirements? What day would you like to check in?
The hotel is located at 154 Chesterton road. Postcode cb41da. It has earned a 4 star rating. Would you like to book a specific day?
Yes, I can do that. A black volvo should be picking you up, the contact number is 07567468544. Is there anything else I can help you with?
You're welcome, goodbye!
I have several restaurants to recommend in this area. Would you like a particular style of food?
Okay, I'd recommend Golden Wok. It's a lovely chinese restaurant at 191 Histon Road Chesterton. Would that work for you?
I have booked you a table for 3 at the Golden Wok on Friday at 18:30, your reference number is 6D2IMEYU . Can I help you with anything more?
Lovell Lodge moderately priced and is located on 365 Milton Road. Would you like a reservation?
Your room at the Lovell Lodge is all set (Ref #5HMHIBZ2). Can I help you with anything else?
You're welcome, enjoy Cambridge!
Yes, there is a restaurant named La Tasca located in the centre on 14-16 Bridge Street. Would you like me to book a reservation for you?
Can I look anything else up for you?
Yes I was able to make that reservation and your reference number is U81JS4T8 .
May I have where you will be departing from and the day of travel to better assist you?
What day will you be traveling? Are you leaving from Cambridge?
I have 18 trains for you. Do you want me to book a train?
The earliest to get you there before 14:45 is the TR9859, leaving Cambridge 05:06, arriving Peterborough 05:56. Will that do, or do you prefer something a little later in the day?
Got that just about ready will that be for yourself only or multiple people?
Booking was successful, the total fee is 115.5 GBP payable at the station . Reference number is : OYNGUI4L .
Thank you for using our service. Goodbye!
I have 1,414 results for trains leaving cambridge, what is your destination and what day are you looking to travel on?
I have 19 trains going to your destination. Did you have a time of arrival or when you want to leave?
The TR7253 leaves at 20:01 and arrives in Broxbourne at 21:01. Would that be okay?
60 minutes duration. Anything else today?
There are 33 restaurants available. Is there a specific food type you're looking for?
I have 6 different indian restaurants. Might I suggest the Curry King. It is very highly recommended.
The address is 5 Jordans Yard Bridge Street City Centre cb21ug. The phone number is 01223324351. Can I help you with anything else today?
Great. Have a wonderful time! Thanks for using Cambridge TownInfo Centre.
We have 18 colleges in cambridge. Is there a certain area of town you would like?
Well then, I would recommend Magdalene College. It's interesting and has free admission. Is there anything else you need today?
Do you have a certain time that you would like to leave after or arrive by?
TR8199 leaves broxbourne at 13:32. Would you like to make a reservation?
I've made that reservation and your reference number is J4SFMXEJ .
You are welcome. Anytime.
There are 70 trains that meet your needs. Would you like to narrow it down by day and/or time of travel?
We have ten choices for you with departures every two hours beginning at 7:27. What is your preference for a departure time?
Booking was successful, the total fee is 83 GBP payable at the station . Reference number is : VNHMJU4N .
That is correct. Can I help with anything else?
Yes, I've got five restaurants, four center and one in the west that serve British food. Do you have a preference in location?
I like the oak bistro, it is located at 6 Lensfield Road and is in town centre. Would you like me to make a reservation for you?
Can you please verify the date and time you would like the booking?
All booked! Your reference number is RI66QTET .
Thank you goodbye.
Thank you for contacting Cambridge Towninfo Centre
Absolutely! When would you like to arrive?
What is your destination?
I have booked a blue volkswagen and contact number 07325713060.
Perfect. Have a great day!
What do you like? Museums and architecture, nightclubs and theatres?
You could try Castle Galleries. Their phone number is 01223307402, and admission is free. Can I help you with anything else?
Do you need a reservation?
Charlie Chan is a cheap Chinese restaurant in the center of town at Regent Street City Centre. Can I provide any additional information to you?
Of course. The postcode is cb21db. Can I help you with anything else today?
Okay! What hotel are you staying at?
Okay, thank you.
Booking completed! Booked car type : blue lexus Contact number : 07475610928
You're welcome have a great day
It is an expensive european restaurant in the north part of town. Would you like to make a booking?
Alright, I've booked a table for 4 at 17:30 on Thursday. Your reference number is VLG5U01Z .
You too, enjoy your meal!
I have 2 options available. Would you rather have Indian or Italian food?
Royal Spice is located at Victoria Avenue Chesterton, postcode cb41eh. Its phone number is 01733553355. Is there any other information you need?
It's a theatre on the south side of town, over on clifton way.
You are welcome, glad to help. Bye.
Okay, I've booked a black Volkswagen for you.
Sure, contact number 07926339164. Can I be of further assistance today?
You are very welcome. Have a good day.
There are many trains on Sundays. Do you have a departure point or destination in mind?
What time would you like to leave?
there is the information TR7423 cambridge london kings cross sunday 05:00 05:51 18.88 pounds 51 minutes
Booking was successful, the total fee is 18.88 GBP payable at the station . Reference number is : VJGOO2N8 .
Do you need any further assistance?
Thanks for allowing me to help you. Have a great day.
I have about 33 different options for you. What sort of cuisine would you like to eat?
If you are seeking British fare, then I suggest the Cambridge Chop House, at 1 Kings Parade. Would you like to make a reservation?
Your booking was successful. The table will be reserved for 15 minutes. Your reference number is : RTXKGIKH . Is there anything else I can do to assist you?
Corpus Christi is located on the same road as the restaurant. Did you need any more information?
Their phone number is 01223338000. Their postcode is cb21rh. Is there anything else I can help with today?
You are welcome. Enjoy your visit!
There are 17 different chinese restaurants. Is there a specific price range or area of town you would like to stay in?
Your reservation at jinling noodle bar on Wednesday at 13:45 for 4 people is successful. Your Reference number is : UVPKOA8Z .
Sure! Home From Home is a moderately-priced, 4-star guesthouse in the North part of town, at 78-80 Milton Road, CB41LA. They have internet and parking. Would you like a room?
welcome any time you want information.
Were you interested in arriving or departing from Cambridge, and on what day?
Is there a time you would like to leave by?
You are booked to leave at 17:01 and your reference number is 73AGGF1W . Can I help you with anything else today?
I would bet you'd like restaurant one seven. Want more information?
The address is De Vere University Arms Regent Street City Centre and the phone number is 01223337766.
Thank you for using the Cambridge TownInfo centre!
Gonville hotel is in the centre of town and in the expensive price range.
Yes, I can! You're booked with reference number I34Y32Y9 . Is there anything else I can help you with?
Okay, I have quite a few. Can you give me some more information?
I would recommend train ID TR5049 which leaves Peterborough at 14:48 and arrives in Cambridge at 15:38. There are earlier options as well if you wish.
Would you like me to book it then?
Booking was successful, the total fee is 92.4 GBP payable at the station. Reference number is : ZBPF328J . Is there anything else I can help with?
I'm glad I could help. Have a nice day.
Do you have any particular type of attraction in mind? If not, try visiting the Lynne Strover Gallery at 23 high street, fen ditton. Do you need more information?
The phone number is 01223295264. Is there anything else I can help you with?
Where is your departure site?
Where will you be traveling to?
TR5435 leaves Cambridge at 15:01 and arrives in Birmingham at 17:44. Would you like to book this one?
Your booking was successful, the total fee is 525.69 GBP payable at the station. Your reference number is YJ11D57E . Can I help you with anything else?
Glad to help, have a good trip!
What is your departure site and preferred day and time of departure?
I have 10 trains on Saturday going to Cambridge from Stevenage. What time would you like to depart or arrive?
I have TR9024 that leaves Stevenage at 09:54 and will arrive in Cambridge by 10:43. Would that work for you?
Do you have a specific type of attraction? There are museums, colleges, and others.
if you like nightclubs, there is a great one called club salsa in the centre. their entrance fee is 5 pounds.
Club Salsa is located at 1 Station Road. You can reach them at 07782218745.
Goodbye, have a great day.
I'm going to need a little more information from you. Where will you be leaving from? Where are you traveling to?
The TR1047 departs Cambridge for London Liverpool Street on that day and arrives at 07:27. Would you like to book a seat?
How many people do you need reservations for?
You're all set on that train, and your reservation reference number is 3XM02AO1 . The total due at the station will be 132.8GBP. Can I help with anything else today?
Sure! I highly suggest All Saints Church. Would you like more information?
I suggest the Old Schools. The address is Trinity Lane and the phone number is 01223332320.
You are very welcome. Enjoy your trip.
I have them at 183 East Road City Centre, cb11bg.
Sure, they are in the moderate price range.
You're welcome. Have a great day.
I have no listings for mutliple sports in the centre. Would you like to try a different area?
Christ's college is available would you like to visit that?
The postcode is cb23bu.
Absolutely. The address is 35 Saint Andrews Street City Centre. Can I assist you with anything else?
Your table at The Varsity Restaurant has been booked and your reference number is UCR3X0MX . What else can I do for you?
Thank you for using Cambridge TownInfo centre. Have a great day.
There are 22 cheap places to eat in the area. Do you have a preference of food type?
there is none that serves that food. can you change location?
la raza is fine for you. can i give you the contact?
Booking was successful. The table will be reserved for 15 minutes. Reference number is : UKTN9VKD .
El Shaddai is an inexpensive guesthouse with internet service. Would you like me to make you a reservation there?
alexander bed and breakfast fits those criteria, would you like me to book a stay?
The address is 56 Saint Barnabas Road. Is there anything else that I can help you with?
Thank you for using our system today!
Is there a particular day you are looking to leave on? I have trains departing ely to cambridge on Friday every 2 hours starting at 5:35. Other days are available.
There are 4 such trains. Do you want to specify departure time?
Of course. The TR9383 leaves at 5:35 and arrives at 5:52. It would cost 3.52 pounds per ticket. Does that work for you?
There are many moderately priced restaurants in that area, did you have a cuisine style you are looking for?
Ali Baba is the only restaurant that meets your criteria. Would you like to reserve a table there?
I'm sorry. It doesn't look like they have any availability at that time. Would you like to look for another day or time?
Great, you're booked at 16:30. The table will be reserved for 15 minutes. Your reference number is 6JV5YAN1 . Anything else I can help with?
No problem at all! Remember to contact the Cambridge TownInfo centre whenever you have questions!
You are welcome, goodbye.
I'd be happy to help you with all things Cambridge. What can I help you find today?
Cotto is located on 183 East Road City Centre and has the postcode cb11bg. Is there anything else I could help you with today?
Riverboat Georgina is located at cambridge passenger cruisers, jubilee house, phone number 01223902091. Can I help you with anything else?
The attraction type for the Riverboat Georgina is "boat." Can I be of any further assistance today?
No, that is the attraction type listed in our database. It is listed as a boat attraction.
Your welcome! Is there anything else I can help you with today?
Your welcome. Thank you for contacting us.
I would be happy to help you find a train. Where are you departing from?
I have several options for you. Where is your destination?
The earliest after 18:45 is the TR8658, leaving Norwich at 19:16. Can I reserve you one or more seats on this train?
Booking was successful, the total fee is 17.6 GBP payable at the station. Your reference number is AXH1NM1I . Do you need assistance with anything else?
It looks like there is The Cherry Hinton Village Centre. Can I get you more information about it?
their phone number is 01223576412. anything else?
Sure, the postcode is cb19ej. Can I help you find any other information about Cambridge?
enjoy your time in Cambridge!
I have three Gastropub restaurants that meet your criteria. Two are in the Centre area and one in the East area. Do you have a location preference?
Royal Standard has good reviews. Their phone # is 01223247877 and they are located at 290 Mill Road City Centre.
I can help you with that. First, can you tell me where you will be departing and the timeframe you had in mind?
There is a train TR0798 leaving at 9:29 and arriving at 10:07, would this time work for you?
It will take 38 minutes and cost 10.10 pounds.
I have you booked for one seat on TR0798 departing Bishops Stortford for Cambridge at 05:98 and arriving at 06:07. Reference is M377ZH73 . Anything else I can help with?
Thank you for contacting us. Enjoy your visit and have a great day.
It is a restaurant that serves modern european food near the centre of town. It is moderately priced. The phone number is 01223259988.
Your reservation is set! The table will be reserved for 15 minutes. Your reference number is LZLUDTVI . Is there anything else you need?
What price range were you thinking?
There are no hotels that fit your criteria in the South, but there are two Guesthouses. Would you like to book one of those?
Aylesbray Lodge Guesthouse and Rosa's Bed and Breakfast, both are rated at 4 stars and both include free parking and internet. Would you like a reservation for one of them?
Aylesbray postcode is cd17sr and Rosa's postcode is cb22ha. Is there anything else I can help you with today?
thank you! Enjoy your stay!
Okay, do you have an area or price range you're looking for?
Unfortunately there are not guesthouses that meet your criteria. Would you like to look for something in the moderate price range or a hotel instead?
I do not have any expensive guesthouses with wifi and parking. I do have some moderate or cheap ones.
I didn't find any that matched that criteria.
I have a few hotels that meet your needs. How about the Gonville Hotel? It is in the centre of town.
I have booked you at the gonville hotel for 1 night however we will need to know for how long and how many people. Thank you.
And what night will you be staying at the hotel, please?
Of course. What day will you be travelling?
We have 14 trains leaving around 09:30 on Monday to Broxbourne. Was there a certain time you wanted to arrive by?
The TR1319 fits your criteria. Would you like me to book passage for you on this train?
Booking was successful, the total fee is 71.59 GBP payable at the station . Reference number is : UYNXZ4W5 . Do you need anything else?
Okay, great! I'm so glad I could help you. Have a wonderful visit!
great, i have two options for you
Indeed, they do. City Centre North B&B is your best bet. Would you like to book a room there?
Free parking is included at the City Centre North B and B. Should I make a reservation for you?
Their address is 328a Histon Road. Anything else I can do for you?
Do you like thai food? The sala thong is a good restaurant that meets your needs. Phone is: 01223323178 Postcode: cb39ey
Where will you be headed and when would you like to depart by?
Great Your Booking is complete on a yellow lexus. The Contact number is 07896162603. Anything else I can help you with?
Thanks for using the Cambridge Town Info centre Services!
There are plenty of choices for you. What time would you like to depart and arrive?
Train TR4094 will get you there by 8:07 am and the cost is 10.10 pounds. Would you like me to book it for you?
No I'm sorry there are not on a Wednesday.
You should try visiting the holy trinity church, they're on market street.
The Holy Trinity Church is an architecture attraction. The address is Market Street and the phone number is 01223355397.
Will there be anything else I may help you with?
I hope you have a great day as well.
La raza is a spanish restaurant in the centre area. It is considered cheap
Certainly. They're at 4 - 6 Rose Crescent. Their number is 01223464550. I can help you book a table if you'd like. Or is there anything else you need?
There are 278 trains that leave after 11:00 on Saturday. Do you have a particular departure and arrival location?
It looks like train TR6210 will be leaving Leicester at 11:09 on Saturday and will arrive to Cambridge at 12:54. Can I help you with anything else?
The travel time for that route is 105 minutes. Is there anything else I can help you with?
Glad I could be of help. Have a great day. Goodbye.
There are three cheap guesthouses in the east, each with 4 star ratings. Would you like me to book one?
Yes all of them. would you like to book one?
I would recommend the Allenbell. Would you like me to make a booking for you?
ok. Booking was successful.Reference number is : YXTPY48P . is there anything else you want?
Thank you for contacting the Cambridge TownInfo centre. Goodbye
ok, what type of place are you looking for?
There are 4 museums in the east: Cambridge Artworks, Cambridge Museum of Technology, Gallery at Twelve a High Street, and Saint Barnabas Press Gallery.
Of course. The Phone number is 01223902168 and postode is cb13ef. What else can I help you with?
There's one italian restaurant in the east called pizza hut fen ditton. Would like to reserve a table?
The booking was successful. The table will be reserved for 15 minutes. Reference number is : LUBB48TT .
Sure. I have booked a white bmw. The contact numer is 07879364830. .
Is there anything else you may need ?
Goodbye again and have a great day!
There is one restaurant that fits what you are looking for. Would you like to book a table at the Gourmet Burger Kitchen?
Unfortunately there are no tables available at that time. Are you interested in a different day or time slot?
Perfect. Your table has been booked at 16:30 for 2 at the Gourmet Burger Kitchen. The reference number is 3377L9IJ .
There are definitely trains available for that route, can you tell me what day and what time you would like to travel?
There are 15 trains do you have a time preference you'd like to leave at?
I have booked two tickets for TRAIN ID: TR9678. Reference NFNFM1AU . The fee is 150.19.
Wonderful! Thank you for using our service. Have a great day!
I'm happy I could help you today!
Oh, super scary movie. Yes, it is an expensive Italian restaurant. Can I get some other information for you?
Your reservation for Clowns Cafe on Wednesday at 14:30 for 2 is confirmed. Your Reference number is : 8OVEXJLB .
Sure, what is your departure terminal?
I got 1 ticket for you and your reference number is 2TT3UR6I payable at the station, anything else?
Travel time is 49 minutes, and the cost is 12.8 pounds. Can I help with anything else today?
you are welcome
What is your destination and what day would you like to leave?
Great. There are four trains available with departure times every hour starting at 05:40 until 09:40. Would you like to book a ticket on one of them?
You are successfully booked for 4 ticket with a total fee of 450.6 GBP that is payable at the station and the reference number is : 5JAC9295 . May i help you with something else? If not have an awesome day.
Yes I've found the kirkwood house at 172 chesterton road. Would you like me to make a reservation?
I'm sorry, there is no availability for that time frame. Would you like to travel a different amount of days?
Booking was successful. Reference number is : DOSXP70O . Is there anything else you need to know?
You too, enjoy your stay in Cambridge.
I've got the system ready for you, where will you be leaving from and arriving to?
The TR2162 departs from Kings Lynn at 14:11 and arrives at Cambridge at 14:58. Shall I book that for you?
Your booking has been successfully made. The reference number is 1R3J6V88 and 19.60 GBP will be payable at the station. Can I help you with anything else?
There are 5 expensive restaurants in the south. Would you prefer Chinese, indian, Italian or Mexican?
frankie and bennys fits your description. can i book?
What day do you want me to make it on?
Booking was successful. The table will be reserved for 15 minutes. Reference number is : YG9TC7H7 . Is there anything else I can assist you with today?
May I book you a taxi or anything else?
Have a nice stay in town. Let us know if you need help again.
the a and b guest house is a 4 star hotel with free wifi. it is in the east part of town.
Booking was successful. Reference number is : FBDR5BNR .
That is correct. Anything else I can do for you?
Thank you for using our services. Please let us know if there's anything else we can do for you.
I can help you with that. Where would you be going and what day?
Can you verify whether you are leaving from stansted airport or cambridge?
The TR4227 train leaves at 14:24 would you like that one?
The duration of that train is 28 minutes. There aren't any restaurants meeting those specifications.
I'm afraid we don't have any restaurants in Cambridge that serve Afghan food. There are several expensive restaurants in the centre that serve other cuisines. Should we try one of those?
There are 6 restaurants in the centre that are expensive and serve indian food. Curry Garden, The Golden Curry, Saffron Brasserie, Panahar, Curry King, and Curry Queen.
curry king's post code is cb21ug. their address is jordans yard bridge street city centre. shall i book a table for you?
Thank you, please feel free to contact us again if you have any questions!
What type of attraction were you interested in?
Well, we've got the all saints church in the centre and it's free to visit.
The phone number is 01223452587. The address is jesus lane with the post code of cb58bs. Do you need any other information?
We have a number of wonderful options for you to dine at in Centre, do you have a particular cuisine in mind or would you like a reccomendation?
I have 6 Indian restaurants for you to choose from. May I recommend The Golden Curry?
I'm sorry but I wasn't able to make those reservation. Can I try another time?
Your table is reserved for 13:15. Your reference number is M5Q28TGA .
I was able to book that taxi. Be looking for a white Ford. If you need to reach them, their phone number is 07045306187. Anything else I can help with?
Have a great trip!
What type of attraction are you looking for?
There are churches, boats, cinemas, museums and colleges in the city centre. Would you like information on any of them?
You should go see Holy Trinity Church, the stained glass there is simply amazing. The postcode is cb23nz. Can I help you with anything more today?
There are 21 different restaurants that match your criteria. Do you have a type of food you prefer?
Just to confirm before making a booking: How about Yippee Noodle Bar? It is in the centre of town and moderately priced. Would you like this booked?
I'm sorry but that was unsuccessful. Can I try a different restaurant?
Yes. they have a table available at 12:30. Your reference number is IB76ZC58 . Would you like to write down their address and phone number?
Thank you for using Cambridge TownInfo centre, have a good day!
Home from Home is a 4 star guesthouse on the north side.
I'm afraid they can't handle that booking. Perhaps another day or a shorter stay?
I was able to book for one night. The reference number is MCS16KSP . Is there anything else I can help you with?
You're welcome. Enjoy your visit!
Sure, where and when are you departing from?
On Friday, you can catch the TR6834 and arrive by 12:07. Will you be traveling on Friday?
The TR1478 runs on Sunday and will get you in by 12:07. Will that work for you?
Before I book I need to know how many tickets you need?
three tickets, you will arrive at 12:07 or a little after. 24.24 GBP payable at the station, your confirmation is YQ92IJKO . Is there anything else I can help you with?
There are 21 moderately priced restaurants in the centre, do you have a preference for the type of food served?
The yippee noodle bar serves asian oriental food. Do you want me to book this restaurant for you?
I have booked that for you. The reference number is 7YNOXJF4 . What else can I help you with today?
Have a nice day.
Alright. What is your departure site?
Can you please repeat your destination and departure again?
I have booked your taxi
It will be a yellow skoda, Contact number 07552691758.
There will be a yellow skoda in milton country park to pick you up at 01:15.
We have quite a few. May I suggest Frankie and Bennys? They are in the area of Centre at Market Hill City Centre.
Booking was successful. The table will be reserved for 15 minutes. Reference number is : OE4QDLK7 .
There are 24 guesthouses in cambridge, do you have any information to narrow it down?
There is no place matching your criteria. Do you want to broaden your search?
There are 33 available options in the moderate to cheap price range. Do you have any location preference to narrow down the search?
How does university arms hotel sound? It is a hotel in town centre, expensive price range & 4 stars. Would you like to book a room?
Yes, it offers both. Would you like me to book you a room?
They are at regent street postcode cb21ad
You're welcome. Enjoy your trip.
Where would you like to leave from?
TR8882 will arrive by 13:54, would that work for you?
That train is 105 minutes long. Can I help you book that or find you more information on something else?
Absolutely! What type of attraction are you interested in?
I'd like to recommend "Old Schools". It is in the category of architecture and the entrance is free.
You're quite welcome. Can I help you with anything else today?
It was my pleasure. Feel free to contact us again if you need anything else.
From which departure site, please?
There are 14 trains that fit your needs. The first leaves at 5:21 and the latest leaves at 18:21. Would you like me to get a ticket for you?
Booking was successful, the total fee is 151.19 GBP payable at the station. Reference number is : DMK0CENV . Do you need anything else?
What information are you looking for specifically?
Your booking was successful and your reference number is FDIQHZAR . May I help you with anything else?
Thank you, good day.
I have several options for you. Do you prefer a cheap or moderate price range?
There are 16 matches, do you have a location preference?
That leaves 5 options. All are 4 stars and offer free parking and wifi. There are several cheap and a few moderate. Which do you prefer?
you may choose from allenbell, autumn house or leverton house.
Reference number is : UARX4P61 . Anything else?
It looks like there aren't any expensive Russian restaurants in town. Did you want me to try another price range?
Yes. There are six British places. Do you prefer a certain part of town?
Sure thing I would suggest graffiti.
I can book a table for you, if you'd like. What date and time would you like to visit graffiti, and how many people will be dining with you?
Booking was successful. The table will be reserved for 15 minutes.Reference number is : UL39KIAD . anything else
Yeah you are welcome. I am glad I could assist.
Have a nice day!
There are 8 such places, Do you have a price range?
The galleria meets these requirements, would you like a reservation?
I was able to book your party of 6 a table at Galleria on Monday at 19:15, Reference: w53sqqn6 . Can I help you further today?
I would suggest all saints church.
All Saints Church is located on Jesus Lane in postcode cb23pq. Can I help you with anything else today?
You're welcome. Have fun!
What day would you be traveling?
TR4322 leaves at 17:32 and arrives by 18:32. May I book that for you?
It does. The price is 17.90, can I book a ticket for you?
The church is located in the centre the address is little saint mary's lane and the phone number is 01223366202. Is there anything else I can help with?
Glad I could help you today!
There is Sala Thong that's expensive would you like me to book a table for you?
Can you please tell me how many people and what day and time you would like me to book it?
I was able to book that for you for Thursday. Your reference number is 07CI497H .
You are quite welcome. Do you need any further assistance?
Thank you for using our services.
There are 7 museums on the west side of town. How does the Cambridge and County Folk Museum sound?
The entrance fee is 3.50 pounds and their phone number is 01223355159
It is a chinese restaurant in the north part of town in the moderate price range
Just a moment please. I took care of that reservation for you. They will be expecting you Friday at 17:15. Your reference number is 5ZFDMTIS .
I have confirmed your taxi which will be a blue audi, their contact number is 07575626056. Do you require any further assistance?
You're welcome! And you have a great day!
The Whipple Museum of History of Science is located at Free School Lane in the Centre area. The phone number is 01223330906.
They are located in the centre and no admission fee.
I am sorry but there are no restaurants that match your request. Would you like to try a different price range or food type?
No there is not. May I try a different area?
i got two options, there is backstreet bistro and the slug and lettuce, which one could you prefer?
Your reservation has been booked.
Your booking number is DMNJIKFZ .
I have that taxi booked for you. A Blue Toyota will pick you up. The contact number is 07584480415.
Thank you for contacting Cambridge TownInfo centre. Goodbye!
I would recommend Old Schools located at Trinity Lane. The architecture there is beautiful.
Certainly, there are 4 swimming pools in town, two on the northend, one on the eastside, and one in city centre. Would you like more information?
Yes, kings hedges learner pool is really nice. Their number is 01223353248. Is there anything else I can assist you with?
What day will you be leaving?
Is there a certain time you need to arrive by?
The TR8495 meets your criteria. Would you like to book tickets?
Your booking was successful. Would you like the total fee or the reference number?
Yes, why did I ask, that should be implied that someone would want it, my mistake, reference number is 3QUNF9LO, any further questions?
Glad to have been of help. Thank you for using the Cambridge TownInfo centre. Have a great day!
There are no barbecue restaurants in town. Would you like to search for a different type of restaurant in the center of town?
How about Chinese or European? I have many options in the center that are moderate in price.
i can book you pizza express whose postcode is cb21db and postal adress Regent Street City Centre if you like
Here you are Regent Street City Centre 01223324033
I have 19 entries for your criteria. Where would you like to depart from? What times?
TR7807 departs at 08:01. Would you like a ticket?
Your reference number is 6SUM4EK3, is there anything else you need?
Yuor welcome. Enjoy your trip. Goodbye
I certainly can look for that for you. It looks like I have several. Do you prefer a certain price range?
Sorry, we don't have anything that matches the options that you've selected. Would you like to search for a different option?
We have several! Do you wish to stay in a certain part of town?
I would recommend the Acorn Guest House then. It has 4 stars, free wifi, free parking and is moderately priced. Would you like to book a room?
Can you please give me how many days you will be staying?
I have you book for that time, the reference code is UA3N0Q3R .
I am glad, have a great day. Good Bye.
Definitely! I recommend Caffe Uno, at 32 Bridge Street City Centre.
OK, I made your reservation for 8 people on Sunday. Your reference number is 8K44KA03 .
Sheep's Green and Lammas Land Park Fen Causeway is a park in the South part of town at Fen Causeway, Newnham Road. The postcoe is CB22AD.
No, it's free to get in!
Booking completed! Booked car type : blue honda Contact number : 07946418606
Great. I hope you have a wonderful trip!
Where are you leaving from?
There are 19 total trips available to you
How about TR3447?
trainID departure destination day leaveAt arriveBy price duration book (optional) TR3447 kings lynn cambridge thursday 09:11 09:58 9.80 pounds 47 minutes
Sorry about that. The travel time is 47 minutes and the cost is 9.80 pounds. Anything else I can do for you?
Alright. Thank you, and have a great day!
Yes. Kirkwood House is a 4-star, moderately-priced, guesthouse in the north. It includes free parking and internet. Would you like me to book this for you?
Sure, kirkwood house is located at 172 chesterton road, phone 01223306283. Is there anything else I can help you with?
The postcode for Kirkwood House is cb41da. Woud you like me to book a room for you?
I have train TR3602 that departs at 15:59 and arrives in London Liverpool Street at 17:27. Would this work for you?
Booking was successful, the total fee is 132.8 GBP payable at the station . Reference number is : JGX91DYB . Is there anything else I can help you with today?
Please feel free to contact us back if you have any issues during your travels.
Thanks for using our service, and have a wonderful day!
There are 4 gastropubs in Cambridge, did you have an area in mind?
There are 2 expensive gastropubs in the centre of town. Would you prefer the Backstreet Bistro or The Slug and Lettuce?
You have a reservation at the Backstreet Bistro at your requested time. Your reference number is FCSK34OH .
That's all, thank you for using our system.
There are 13 different colleges in the centre of town.
There is Christ's College in the Centre area. This may be of interest to you.
The phone number for Christ's College is 01223334900. Is there anything else I can help you with today?
You are welcome. Thank you for using our service. Goodbye!
I'll be happy to look that up for you. What day and time would you like to leave?
Will you be traveling to Cambridge?
You are speaking to the Cambridge help desk, so we can only book a train if you are leaving from or heading to cambridge. Cambridge to Ely?
TR3940 leaves Liverpool St at 19:39 and arrives in Cambridge at 21:07. Will that work for you?
The cost is 13.28 pounds. Would you like to make a reservation?
Sure, I can help with that. Is there a specific part of town you were looking for?
the missing sock would suit your needs. Can I book it for you?
The booking was successful. The table will be reserved for 15 minutes. Your reference number is 3Y2HAOME .
I hope you have a good trip. Goodbye.
On what day would you like to leave?
OK, and what's your departure station?
I have TR5358 arriving in Cambridge by 12:52. Would you like me to book it?
I'm happy to help. Do you have any preferences for the type of attraction you would like to visit?
Corpus christi is in the centre, the address is king's parade and has an entrance fee of 2 pounds. Their phone is 01223338000. Would you like to hear about any others?
Okay. Thank you for calling!
Where would you like to leave from, and where will you be going?
There are 19 trains leaving for Stansted Airport with the earliest leaving at 5:40. Would you like to leave early morning or afternoon?
I have you on the 5:40 TR1656. Reference number is : 65KSTG9S . Is there anything else you would like me to do?
Are you interested in things like architecture, colleges, theatre, or something else? There are many attractions in the centre of town.
How about the All Saints Church. It is an architectural attraction. Its postcode is cb58bs and the address is jesus lane.
Goodbye.
The Rice Boat is located in the west and is in the expensive range. Would you like to book a reservation?
How many people would you like to reserve a table for?
Yes, Cherry Hinton Water Park is in the area. It's located at Cherry Hinton Hall on Cherry Hinton Road and admission is free.
The postal code for cherry hinton water play is cb18dw. Is that all you needed help with today?
I reserved a black Audi for you. The contact number is 07828767922. Is there anything else I can help with?
You are welcome! Enjoy your day. Good bye.
I can help you with that. What is your price range?
If you'd like something cheap, I recommend the Allenbell. For something moderately priced, I would recommend the Warkworth House.
What day will you be staying?
Booking was successful. Reference number is : BMUKPTG6 . Can I help you with anything else today?
There are a number of trains leaving throughout the day. What time would you like to travel?
Okay! The latest train you can take leaves at 17:29, and arrives by 18:07. Would you like for me to book that for you?
Reference number is : UIFV8FAS . The price is 10.1 GBP and the trip will take about 38 minutes. May I be of any other assistance?
I have made that change and your reference number is YF86GE4J
You're welcome. Have a nice day!
I can definitely help you find one of the many colleges in the area to visit. Did you have a specific area of town you were looking at?
Sure, there are 13. Most are free but some have an entrance fee.
I think you would like christ's college and the entree fee is free.
Yes, it's in the city centre. Would you like me to book a table for you?
Yes the reservation was successful and the booking number is SUSIYCI0 .
Goodbye, enjoy your stay!
Do you have a specific time you would like to leave that day?
TR2987 arrives 09:52. Would you like me to book it?
Booking was successful, the total fee is 22 GBP payable at the station. Reference number is : DJSPS9UK . Is there anything more I can help with?
There is so much to do in the east! Do you have an attraction type in mind?
I would say architecture or colleges in Cambridge would be a good bet.
cherry hinton hall and grounds is an entertainment attraction in the east part of town.
The cost is not listed but here is their phone number so you can call them with any questions, 01223446104.
Its postcode is cb58sx.
you are welcome
I am always glad to be of service! Enjoy your visit.
Yes, what type of food are you looking to eat?
I have a listing for 5,can i recommend tandoori palace?
Great, you're booked. Your reference number is 62M8M7G3 .
your welcome, have a great day!
And where will the destination be?
There are 38 trains that can get you there, what time would you like to leave or arrive by?
The TR5003 train leaves Peterborough at 13:48. I can book you a seat on it if you'd like.
A single ticket costs 16.50 pounds and total travel time is about 50 minutes. Will that be all today?
Your all set, the total fee is 16.5 GBP payable at the station . Reference number is : EEJF27IZ . Anything else that I can assist with?
the cambridge belfry is a hotel located in the west area. It is in the cheap price range and is considered 4 stars. Would you like more information?
They do! Would you like for me to book a room for you?
How many people will be staying at the hotel?
The address is Back Lane, Cambourne, CB236BW. Anything else for you today?
No problem, thank you for letting me assist you today. Have a good day!
Okay, we have 57 restaurants in that price range. Are you looking for a place in a certain part of town?
Most of the expensive restaurants in Cambridge happen to be in the center of town! Would you like to try some British food at Fitzbillies?
The address is 51 Trumpington Street City Centre, the phone number is 01223352500, and the postcode is cb21rg. Is there anything else I can help you with today?
You're welcome. Have a good day.
There are several trains available. Could you specify which day?
I have a train that leaves at 5:19 and arrives by 6:09. Does this work for you?
I was able to book you that ticket on train TR3021. Your total fee will be 16:5 GBP. Your reference number is UC2OKH53 . Can I help with anything else?
Okay glad we could be of help.
I found Gonville hotel matching your requirements. Would you like to stay there?
Unfortunately, there is nothing that meets your criteria. Is there anything else I can help you with?
Yes, we should be able to find you a guesthouse. Remind me of the area you need that in.
I found 3 great guesthouses that meet your criteria! Would you like me to go ahead and book one?
How many people in total will be staying?
I was able to book you a room at the Allenbell. Reference #9BXOZE34 .
There are several architectural attractions in the centre of town, such as All Saints Church, Holy Trinity Church, and some others. Would you like to know more about them?
Yes the postcode is cb23nz for the Holy Trinity Church.
Thank you! Have a great day!
I'm afraid there are not any. Would you like to try a different part of town or cuisine?
There are plenty of locations for Italian! Do you have a specific price range in mind?
don pasquale pizzeria is an excellent but expensive place in the city centre. would you like more information on it?
It is booked and the reference number is 6KV9DIDF
Sure! Is there any particular part of the city you want to see, or anything specific you'd like to visit?
There are four churches in the centre known for their architecture. Are you interested in seeing all saint's church?
I'm sorry, but there are no multiple sports attractions in the centre. Would you like me to look for a different kind of attraction near the restaurant?
There are quite a few. Were you looking for anything specific pricewise?
How about corpus christi college? Its address is saint andrew's street, postcode is cb21rh, and their phone number is 01223338000.
we have four with free entrance
I would recommend Downing College and it is free to enter. Would you like their address?
post code is cb21dq, phone is 01223334860, in case you need the adderss it is on regent street. Any further questions?
I can help you with that. Which location would you like to have as your pickup point?
I have you set for a taxi to get there right in time for your booking, look for a white lexus, they are reachable at 07566657952, any further questions?
No, there isn't a reference number just the car type and contact number. Will there be anything else I can assist you with today?
You're welcome. It was a pleasure helping you today. Good-bye.
OK, do you know what day and time you're traveling?
And where will you be departing from?
I have train TR1955 arriving at 08:07 will that work for you?
I booked 7 tickets for you on the TR1955. Your reference is JS5U3C0K . I will now help you find information on the allenbell
It's a cheap guesthouse in the east side of town. They have free parking. Do you need anything else?
No problem! Magdalene College is in the west side of town and has free admission.
Magdalene College is located at cb30ag Magdalene Street. There phone number is 01223332138.
Sure. The Chiquito restaurant bar is located in the south part of town, and serves mexican food. Phone number is 01223400170.
It is in the expensive price range. The address is 2G Cambridge Leisure Park Cherry Hinton Road Cherry Hinton.
Glad to have been of service. Please enjoy your stay in Cambridge!
Is there a type of attraction you are interested in?
Unfortunately, there are no parks in the west part of town. Are you interested in a museum?
There are 5 in the west; 2 charge an entrance fee and 3 are free to visit. My personal favorite of those is Churchill College.
the postcode is cb30ds and entrance is free.
Yes, Bedouin is a restaurant that serves African food in the Centre. It is in the expensive range. Would you like to book a table?
The address is 100 Mill Road City Centre, the postcode is cb12bd and the phone number is 01223367660. Is there anything else I can do for you?
You're welcome, have a good day.
Yes i have that hotel available. How many people will be staying and for how many nights?
Unfortunately the booking was not successful
Certainly. I was able to book you one night at the Lovell Lodge. Your reference number is TRNPHVYH . Is there anything else I can help you with today?
Certainly - what time are you traveling?
I'm sorry, unfortunately there are no trains available at that time.
I apologize, we had a glitch. We do have several trains on Sunday. The one that arrives closest to 17:45 is the TR9823, pulling in at 15:52.
Travel time is 17 minutes.
The trip costs 3.52 pounds per ticket. Would you like me to book that trip for you?
Sure, is there anything else I can do for you before we go?
Thank you for using our service. Have a great day.
Great. Have a great day. Goodbye.
I have 3 places that match your request. Is there a particular area you are looking to stay in? Would you prefer a hotel or guesthouse?
Rosa's Bed and Breakfast is the guesthouse for you. Cheap, but 4 stars, with free internet and parking.
Yes it is in the south part of town and has a 4 star rating. Can I book a room for you?
I am unable to book the room under these parameters for the requested time. Is a shorter stay a possibility?
Rosa's now has a room reserved for your party for two nights. Your reference number is UXR0PYQD .
There are over 200 trains that leave Cambridge Saturday, where are you headed?
TR3396 will depart Cambridge at 9:29 on Saturday, arriving in Bishops Stortford at 10:07. Will that work?
The price of your train is 8.08 pounds. Do you need any more information?
Have a nice day!
I am sorry but I do not have anything matching the criteria you specified. Would you be interested in expanding your field of search?
Scudamores Punting Co and The Cambridge Punter are two boats in the centre of town.
Yes certainly. their address is 251a chesterton road and their postcode is cb41as. Is there anything else I may help you with?
The trains I have showing have many different schedules. What time would you like it to arrive by?
I'm sorry but there don't appear to be any trains on a Tuesday. Can you travel on another day?
Oh, wait, I apologize I found a train leaving Cambridge at 5:59 and arriving by 07:27. Would you like to book that one?
Sure thing! I've booked 7 tickets on the train leaving Cambridge at 5:59 and arriving London Liverpool Station at 7:27. Your reference number is 86UQDG21 . Can I help with anything else?
Thank you for contacting the Cambridge TownInfo centre. You have a great day!
Awesome. Where are you departing from?
Great, what time would you like to leave by or arrive by?
A red volkswagen will pick you up. The contact number is 07597996556.
Great. Glad to have helped.
Is there a particular area in town or a particular price range you are targeting?
Grafton Hotel Restaurant is an expensive British restaurant you might enjoy. The postcode is cb58pa.
We are happy to help. Have all of your needs been met?
I am glad we were able to assist you. Have a good day and goodbye.
what day are you looking to leave?
I have several trains leaving on Thursday. What is your preferred departure and arrival time?
i have one that ;eaves at 09:16, is that suitable for you?
79 minutes, it'll arrive by 10:35
We don't have any Australian restaurants in the center. Did you have any other type of food in mind?
Bangkok city serves Thai food in the centre in the expensive price range. Do you want me to book it for you?
Your table has been reserved for 15 minutes, and the reference number is HD87UDY4 . Is there anything else I can help you with?
No problem. Call back if you need further assistance.
We have 6 guesthouses and 1 hotel. Is there a specific price range you want to stay in?
I'd recommend the allenbell in the east. Would you like a room?
Booking was successful. Reference number is : TUX6P1KD .
I'm glad to help! Can we help you with anything else for your trip?
There many places to go in the east. Would you like a museum, there are 4? or would you prefer something sportier such as a park or a pool or a boat?
The funky fun house is an entertainment venue. I don't see any entrance fee.
Their address is 8 mercers row, mercers row industrial estate
Do you need us to book anything else?
Have a good day
I can assist you with finding a place to stay, but first, I can tell you we have no 4-star hotels on the north side of town in our database.
Sorry, I don't have anything 4 star in that area. Would you like to try another area?
I have found a guesthouse, Worth House, that meets all your criteria (north, cheap, 4 stars, free parking). Would you like help booking this guest house?
Yes. The postcode is cb41da. Is there anything else I can help you with today?
What day and time would you like to take the train?
No problem, there are many trains for Sunday. From which station will you be leaving and your destination?
There is TR9187 that arrives at leicester by 08:06. Will that work for you?
I have your tickets booked, and your reference number is KNXJT4PR .
Enjoy your trip!
Its a guesthouse located in the north and very cheap. 4 star rating & offer free internet access & parking. Phone is 01223363682.
Sorry about that the postcode is cb41da. And they are located at 152 chesterton road.
There are a 546 trains traveling to Cambridge that arrives no later than 13:00. Where would you like to depart from?
Yes, TR6691 arrives by 12:38 and costs 16.50 pounds. Shall I book it for you?
11:48. Anything else?
Glad I could help. Goodbye.
What are your departure and arrival stations?
Those trains actually run every hour. The first train leaves at 5:09. What time do you want to depart?
Here's the information about the train: TR4588, leaving Monday at 18:09, travel time 105 minutes. Would you like me to book a ticket for you?
There are 29 hotels that meet your needs. Can you narrow it down to area, price range and stars?
I'd recommend acorn guest house. Would you like to book a room?
How many people will be staying?
Okay, starting on what day?
Booking was successful. Reference number is : KIYKIJPC . Is there anything else?
Have a great day!
acorn guest house is located at 154 chesterton road.
I have your reservation for 7 people staying 4 nights, starting on Friday. Your reference number at the Acorn Guest House is 6IA678H6 .
May I assist with anything else?
sure, we have 23! any particular area of town?
The regency gallery is a nice one. It is in the centre of town.
They are located at 39 fitzroy street. Is there anything else i can help you with?
Enjoy your stay.
Where are you going and where are you headed?
I have a train that departs at 17:54 and meets your criteria. Would you like me to book it for you?
Booking was successful, the total fee is 89.6 GBP payable at the station . Reference number is : 3FDGDHDS .
You are more than welcome!
Thank you for using our services. Do you need any further assistance?
Thanks for using the Cambridge TownInfo centre. Goodbye.
No, I'm sorry. I didn't pull up any matches. Any other types of food you would like me to look into?
What food type could you like?
I have one listing for ali baba. Would you like any other information?
I have made those reservations and the reference number is XOMI0TBU .
I have 13 colleges available in the centre. Did yo have one particular in mind?
May I recommend Hughes Hall. It is in the centre of town and has free entrance?
The address of hughes hall is wollaston road.
A white audi will pick you up at hughes hall at 14:45. The contact number is 07128258422.
Thank you. You as well!
There are 3 guesthouses that are cheap and located on the East side. All 3 have 4 stars and are Allenbell, Autumn House and Leverton House.
All three of them include free parking. Which of the three would you prefer to stay at?
All of them have internet.
The phone number for allenbell is 01223210353. Is there anything else I can help you with today?
The Cambridge and County Folk Museum located at 2-3 Castle Street is a good choice.
Sure, the postcode is cb30aq. Can I help you with anything else today?
All right, if there's anything else you need please let me know. Thank you and have a great day.
Yes, I have 33 options for you. Are you interested in a specific area?
Sure, is there a price range you'd like to stay within?
I found three hotels that match your request, and they are all 4 star. Can I book a room for you at one of them?
Allenbell is a guesthouse on the east that gets 4 stars and is cheap. It has internet and parking. The address is 517a Coldham Lane. Will you be alone?
cineworld cinema is in the south and vue cinema is in the centre.
I'm afraid that I don't know their entrance fee, but their phone number is 00872208000. Can I help you with anything else?
Thanks for using our service today!
I have 2. Sheep's green and lammas land park fen causeway and wandlebury country park. Would you like more information on one?
The address is wandlebury ring, gog magog hills, babraham, postcode cb223ae. Can I get you any other info?
133 match our criteria. help me narrow this down
If you are interested in leaving the in the morning, we have trains as early as 5:24 and as late as 15:24 that fit your arrival time.
I have train TR2781 leaving Stansted Airport Monday at 15:24 and arriving in Cambridge at 15:52. Tickets are 10.10 pounds, would you like me to book a seat for you?
You're welcome. Let us know if there is anything else we can do in the future.
What price range and what area are you looking for in particular?
We have a match for you! express by holiday inn cambridge is located at 15-17 norman way, coldhams business park in eastern Cambridge. Would you like to book?
OK, you're booked at the Holiday Inn, reference# W1TLHAWK . Can I help you with anything else today?
It was a pleasure to help you today. Please contact us again in the future. Have a good day!
I can certainly help you with that. What area would you like to stay in and what price range did you have in mind?
Sure, I can help you with that. What part of town were you looking for?
I'd recommend acorn guest house. Would you like a reservation?
Booking was successful. Reference number is : Z0U42HJV .
TR4125 leaves at 19:00 on Tuesday from Cambridge and arrives in London Kings Cross at 19:51. The price is 23.60 pounds. Would you like me to book it?
Booking was successful, the total fee is 118 GBP payable at the station, your reference number is QIH2PJTI . Will that be all?
You are welcome let me know if you need anything else?
There is Acorn Guest house available in the moderate price range with free wifi
We have many selections. There is also Archway House in that price range with free wifi. Would you like me to book a loaction for you?
Aylesbray Lodge Guest House meets all of your requirements. Are you okay with the hotel type being a guesthouse?
I can book this for you if you provide the day you want to stay, the duration of the stay and the number of people.
Booking was successful. Reference number is : OMUG5Y45 .
I'm sorry, there seems to be an error. Can you please restate your request?
That's not a problem. What day would you like?
The price is 13.20 pounds and the travel time is 50 minutes.
I booked TR1071, the last train before 10:45 (arrives 10:38). Your reference number will be AUL3MJY9 . However, If you would have preferred something earlier, I can easily cancel and rebook.
Thank you for using our system!
express by holiday inn cambridge is a nice one. Do you want to book ?
It is located in the east. Do you need a reservation?
There are two expensive hotels in the centre of town. One is rated 4 stars and the other 3 stars. The one I mentioned earlier is only rated 2 stars.
gonville hotel has free wifi and parking, and is located at gonville place, cb11ly. Their number is 01223366611. Want to book?
their star rating is 3.
Ok. Do you have a food preference, or maybe a part of town you'd like the restaurant to be in?
There are many expensive indian restaurants, could you narrow it down by location or would you like for me to make a recommendation?
Curry garden is an expensive Indian restaurant located in town centre.
You are booked for curry garden on Saturday. Your reference number is BLG9K1BW . May I help you with something else?
Your taxi has been booked. It will be a grey Ford and the contact number is 07955235640.
Yes, you will arrive by 15:15.
You're very welcome! Bye!
I have 5 results that match your criteria, do you have a certain area of town you'd like to stay in or a price range you're looking for?
Yes there are two hotels. One in the centre and one in the south. Any preference?
OK, you are booked into the Gonville Hotel, located in the center of town on Gonville Place. The reference number is G6FAO56J .
Thank you for contacting the help desk, and have a great day.
There are a number of things to do in the area! Did you have an idea of the type of place you'd like to go?
There are many colleges and museums East of Cambridge, as well as one entertainment venue, "Whale of a Time".
Whale of a time is labeled only as entertainment and the postcode is cb238el. Unfortunately the entrance fee is not known. Is there anything else I can help you with?
Yes their entrance fee is not known by our system currently.
Cafe Jello Gallery is free as is Kettle's Yard. They are both museums.
Cafe Jello postcode is cb30af. Kettle's yard is cb30aq.
The entrance is free for both attractions. I have found you a train that departs from Cambridge at 17:11 and arrives in Kings Lynn at 17:58.
I have booked your train, your reference number is DYZVFY15 . Is there anything else I can do for you?
Thank you, Goodbye
There are many attractions in the city centre. Is there a specific type you are looking for so we can narrow it down?
We have over 40 attractions in the Centre for you to choose from ranging from architecture, boats, colleges, cinema , a concerthall, museums, you name it. Any spark interest?
I have the museum of archaelogy and anthropology . The phone number is 01223333516. Is there anything else I can help you with?
That is not odd at all, who doesn't like a festive feast! Unfortunately there are none that I see. Would you like to try a different cuisine?
Why yes there's two resturants in the centre area. Would you like information on both of them?
I would recommend Anatolia. What day would you like to reserve that?
Your booking was successful. The table will be reserved for 15 minutes. and your reference number is : NO8EB41X . Is there anything else I can help you with?
So happy we were able to help you out today, and I hope you enjoy your time in our fair city!
There are 3 guesthouses in the cheap price range in the east part of town. Would you like to book one?
Yes, all of them do.
Allenbell is available and fits all of your requirements. I have made a reservation for you. Your reference number is DQOL6QE5 .
You are welcome. Have a nice stay. Bye.
There's a train on that route every day departing at 18:01 that ought to work for you. Do you know what day you'll be travelling?
Where will your departure site be?
Great I booked you 4 seats on that train and your reference number is HI8OJSIM .
Sure, there are a few guesthouses available. Which part of town would you like to stay in?
It looks like there is a 3 star guesthouse in the area named Hobsons House. How does that sound?
Done! Your reference number is 9QIJMOO2 . Can I help you with anything else?
Thank you for using our service!
Have a good day. Goodbye.
There are over 20 museums in cambridge. Would you like to know more about museums in a certain area?
There are 11 museums in the centre of town, they all have free admission.
I can help you with that. Where will you be departing from? Do you have a day when you'd like to travel?
I have quite a few. Do you have a departure or arrival time in mind?
Would you like to leave at 20:01?
Train TR8220 departs cambridge at 20:01 and arrives at birmingham new street by 22:44. Would you like me to book at seat?
You are all set, the reference number is SDFY690W, can I assist with anything else?
thank you very much
great day and welcome anytime
I will recommend acorn guest house for you with Free internet, parking and breakfast and it is available tonight or do you plan to stay more than a night.
It is not in the expensive range but in the moderate price range. Would you like to choose another hotel?
i have 33 expensive hotels for you to choose from. do you know what area you want to stay in?
I have booked your stay at the luxurious Huntingdon Marriott Hotel on the west side. Your reference # is ZHUGLEXU . Is there anything else I can assist you with?
there is no train from that route. can i find you a taxi?
I have 19 trains traveling from Kings Lynn to Cambridge on Thursday. Do you have an arrival or departure time preference?
Okay! How about the 17:11 train?
Alright I booked the train for you! Your reference number is JOW0H42W . Anything else I can do for you?
Great. I hope you have a great trip! Goodbye.
There are a total of 21 restaurants that match that criteria. Is there a certain style of food you are wanting?
Do you have a further preference to reduce the number of acceptable entries?
Booking was successful at yippee noodle bar. The table will be reserved for 15 minutes. Reference number is : K1103XE1 .
We have the Alexander Bed and Breakfast a 4 star guesthouse in the centre part of town in the cheap price range. Does this sound acceptable to book?
The University Arms Hotel might be your best bet. It is an expensive 4-star hotel in the center of town with free wifi and free parking.
I'm sorry, but there are no vacancies for your requested time. Would you like to try a different day or perhaps a shorter stay?
Yes. I have booked your reservation for one night. The reference number is Q1BD4PP0
when do you want to depart and/or arrive?
I have booked you a taxi meeting your requirements. It is a yellow volkswagen and the contact number is 07340142322.
Good day then, pleasure serving you.
I am very sorry there are no results for entertainment in the centre area, would you like to try another area or different attraction?
There are 4 theatres located in the centre of town. How does Cambridge Arts Theatre sound?
The phone number for the cambridge arts theatre is 01223503333. Can I offer you any other information today?
You're very welcome. Goodbye.
I can book you a train for friday at 05:01, is that alright?
I have four trains leaving cambridge on monday and going to broxbourne. Arriving every hour from 06:01-09:01. What time would you prefer?
TR5517 will arrive in broxbourne by 09:01 Monday. Would you like to book a seat for that one?
I have booked TR5517 arriving in broxbourne at 9:01 on Monday for you. The reference number is 1YXEN4V3 . Will that be all?
The only results for a park in the centre area is cambridge university botanic gardens. The entrance fee is 4 pounds. Would you like the address?
The address is Bateman Street and the postcode is cb21jf. Do you need anything else?
Your welcome! Goodbye.
I can help with that. Where will you be departing from?
:Train TR9422 departs Cambridge and arrives in Peterborough at 08:09, will that one work for you?
You are all set, the total fee is 105.6 GBP payable at the station, your reference number is YLBT17JA, anything else that I can help with?
There are many options of things to do in the west, would you prefer a college, museum, or entertainment?
Cafe Jello Gallery would be my recommendation. The phone number is 01223312112. Is there anything else I can help you with?
No it is free for everyone. Anything else that I can help with?
thank you and enjoy your stay with us!
There are not.
There are a number of Chinese restaurants in the city centre from cheap to expensive. Do you have a price range?
I'm afraid none of the restaurants are available at that date an time. Is there another date or time that would work for you?
I booked you a table that is available for 15 minutes at Charlie Chan at 17:45, reference number is 2KUX2G5T . Can I help you with anything else?
There are five colleges that meet that criteria. Do you mind if there is an entrance fee?
Christ's College is free and located on Saint Andrew's Street. The postcode is CB23BU. Anything else?
I'm glad I could help you. Enjoy your trip!
I've found 21 different places that suit your needs. Is there a particular type of food you're looking for?
There are 4 restaurants to choose from. Restaurant One Seven, The Oak Bistro, The Copper Kettle, and Cotto. Which would you like more information on?
Sure! It serves british food in the moderate price range.
Their number is 01223365068. Do you need anything else?
There are 2. They have the same features except one is in the north and the other is in the centre. Which one would you like?
I have the El Shaddai. It's a cheap guesthouse in the centre of town. They offer free internet and parking. Would you like me to book you a room?
I was able to book the El Shaddai successfully, 3 people for 3 nights, and the reference number is O0C7RI4U .
Certainly. It's at 4 Kings Parade City Centre, and the postcode is cb21sj. Is there anything else I can do for you?
Great! I booked a red bmw, contract number 07878470690. Is there anything else I can do for you? .
Thanks, take care.
I have the Express by Holiday Inn Cambridge located on 15-17 norman way, coldhams business park. Their phone number is 01223866800. Would you like to know anything else?
Yes, of course. What day would you like to stay?
Here is the booking information:Booking was successful. Reference number is : 5F8G6J1G
Sure, which stations will you be traveling between?
What time would you like to leave? The trains depart every hour.
There are 11 results. Would you prefer the earliest departure time or latest?
The TR8928 arrives at 16:44 and has a travel time of 163 minutes. Would you like me to book it for you?
thank you for using our services. gooday
What time would you like to depart?
Where would you like the taxi to take you?
Expect a blue Tesla to pick you up, the contact number is 07189547396. Anything else I can help you with.
great, have a nice day
Let us know if we can further assist you.
There are 245 trains that meet those criteria. Where would you like to depart from and on what day?
There are three trains that meet that criteria. One departs at 21:40, one departs at 22:40 and the last departs at 23:40. Which would you like?
Great, I booked your train for 7. Your reference number is DI6ZQL94 . Is there anything else I can help with?
There are several hotels in the area that might fit your needs. What is your preferred price range and do you need internet and parking as well?
I have three guesthouses available meeting your requests. All three have internet and parking available as well. Would you like me to book one for you?
Just let me know what you decide or if I can help you with something else.
Yes, the Allenbell, Autumn House, and Leverton House all include free parking. How else may I help you?
You're welcome - safe travels!
I have several train going to stevenage. Where are you departing from and what time would you like to arrive by?
There are 4 trains that fit your schedule. The closest in time is the TR8377 which arrives in Stevenage at 12:10. Would you like to book a ticket?
It will be 10.24 pounds.
The travel time for TR8377 is 49 minutes. Can you tell me what kind of food you prefer so I can narrow down the restaurant choices?
I have four options. Hk fusion is an excellent choice.
Your table is booked for 6 on Saturday, at 11:15 and your reference number is J3HEUVPJ . Thank You, goodbye.
Is there anything else I can help you with today?
I am glad I could be of assistance. Have a great day.
I can do that for you! Is there a particular destination, or even an arrival or departure time you need?
TR4969 will get you to Norwich by 10:55. Would you like me to book it for you?
Certainly. The price is 14.08 pounds and the travel time is 79 minutes .
I have 2 choices in that area. Would you like those addresses?
The huntingdon marriott hotel meets your needs. Do you want me to book it?
What day would you like to book the room for?
OK, I've got your booking confirmed. Your reference number is SDGKFOMN . Is there anything else I can help you with?
Have a great day.
Yes do you have a preference for area of town or price range?
There are four, one in the north and three in the centre. Would you like a recommendation?
I can book you at The Gandhi in the centre. How does that sound?
Booking was successful. The table will be reserved for 15 minutes. Reference number is : WE5Q0WZ3 .
We have trains available every hour starting from 05:11 to 14:11. Would you like the earliest train or maybe a little later?
the TR2650 will get you to your destination by 14:58. do you want a ticket?
Okay I got that booked for you and the reference number is A08YI4V4 .
The departure time is 14:11 and the cost is 7.84 pounds.
You're welcome! Have a great day!
There are many trains that meet that requirement. Where are you headed?
When would you like to depart? You can select any hour between 05:01 and 18:01.
Train TR3279 departs cambridge at 9:01 and arrives in Broxbourne at 10:01. Would you like me to book you a ticket?
There are 21 guesthouses of that type in Cambridge. Is there an area or price range you would prefer?
There are 3 different guesthouses that fit that, one in the north, one in the south, and one in the west. Do any of these areas work for you?
That's the Bridge Guest House. Would you like me to book a room for you?
Your booking was successful. the total fee is 53.7 GBP and your reference number is ZLBJ2U2O .
Thank you and enjoy your visit.
The Home from Home hotel is located in the North at 78-80 Milton Road. It is a 4 star hotel. Would you like to make a reservation?
Yes you can. What day would that be for?
Yes I have a train that arrives at 20:56 or 21:24. Which do you prefer?
I was able to book you on train TR7676 that departs at 20:06 and arrives at 20:56. Your reference number is HPJDVYF9 . Is there anything else I can help with?
You're welcome. Good-bye.
What is your departure site and what day are you traveling on?
To clarify, do you need to leave after 13:45, or after 15:45?
I booked you seats for 6 on TR1149 departing London Kings Cross for Cambridge on Thursday at 17:17. Reference number: 6xjzp2j2 . Do you need further assistance today?
The India House is an expensive Indian Restaurant in the west. Would you like to reserve a table?
Ok. I was able to complete that booking, and your reference number is TNIP68UH . Can I help you with anything else?
Thank you for contacting us. Have a great day!
I have 1,029 trains departing cambridge, to narrow it down what is your destination and on what day would you like to go?
Great, I can get you a ticket for that train. How many people are riding with you?
TR9557 will depart at 11:01 and arrive by 13:44. Can I confirm you want to book this train for 6 people?
Booking was successful, the total fee is 450.6 GBP payable at the station. Reference number is : 9YW0JV6V .
Their number is 01223902088 and their address is pool way, whitehill road, off newmarket road. Need anything else?
Great, thanks for contacting us at the Cambridge TownInfo centre and we hope you have a wonderful day!
There are several. May I suggest Castle Galleries? It has free admission.
It's at unit su43, grande arcade, saint andrews street, postcode cb23bj, phone 01223307402. Is there anything else you need?
Of course! From where are you traveling, and when would you like to depart?
Ok I have one train that leaves at 10:11 would you like me to go ahead book that for you
I have you booked for 7 people on train TR6298. Is there anything else I can help you with?
reference number ZVHHCNYU
You're welcome! Enjoy your time in Cambridge.
I'm sorry. There is no matching restaurant. Would you like to try a different food type or price range?
I found nine expensive Chinese restaurants. Is there a part of town that you would prefer?
The restaurant Yu Garden has a postcode of cb58pa. Can I help you with anything else today?
That is a moderately priced guesthouse in the north.
The address is 78-80 milton road. They have free parking and internet.
Wonderful, I'm glad I could assist you, have a wonderful stay.
There are 33 different options to choose from. What type of cuisine are you looking to try?
I have 6 options available to you that meet that criteria, would you like a recommendation for one?
I have 5 results for an expensive Indian restaurant in the west area. Tandoori Palace, Cocum, Riche Boat, Maharajah Tandoori, and India House. Would you like information for any of these?
Tandoori Palace is located at 68 Histon Road Chesterton. The postcode is cb43le and the phone is 01223506055. Shall I book a table?
The cambridge corn exchange is a theatre in the centre of town. It's located on Wheeler Street and the phone is 01223357851. Is there anythign else I can do?
I'm sorry but that information is only available in person at the Cambridge Corn Exchange.
Is there anything else I can help you with?
You are very welcome. Have a great day.
We have 23 guesthouses in Cambridge that include internet. Would you like to narrow it down by area, rating, or price range at all?
I have 8 guesthouses that are moderately priced. Do you want internet and/or parking?
7 places still have that, can I suggest the acorn guest house for you?
Certainly, it's in cb41da. Would you like me to book you a room or two?
The star rating is 4. Would you like me to book this hotel for you?
its in the centre of town, any other information i can provide for you?
You are welcome! Please call back if you need anything else and enjoy your stay!
There are many lodgings with free wifi; would you prefer any particular area of town?
There are 3 hotels: The Ashely Hotel, Express by Holiday Inn Cambridge, and Lovell Lodge. They all have free wifi and parking. Do any of these sound good?
The Ashley Hotel is located in the north. It is moderately priced and has 2 stars. They offer free internet and parking. Would you like me to book you a room?
Yes, the phone number is 01223350059 and the postcode is cb41er.
Little Seoul is an expensive Korean restaurant in the centre. Would you like to book it?
Certainly. Their phone number is 01223308681, and they're located at 108 Regent Street city Centre, postcode cb21dp. Can I help you with something else today?
Booking was successful. The table will be reserved for 15 minutes. Reference number is : 4YCRSK69 . Will you need anything else?
What time would you like to leave and arrive by?
Just to clarify my question, can you tell me what time to book your taxi for. What time do you need to leave or arrive?
I have a black bmw picking you up and the number is 07757418590
Thank you for contacting us! Have a great day!
I have a lot of choices for you. Any preference on cuisine?
There are 4 that match your criteria. I just love the Ugly Duckling, would you like to reserve a table there, or keep looking?
I have successfully booked your reservation at the Ugly Duckling for a party of 7 on Friday at 14:00. Your reference number is YNCEB914 . Will this be all?
great, i have 23 wonderful options for you!
Unfortunately, I don't have anything that fits those requirements. Can I look for something else for you?
Unfortunately not. Would you like to try a different star rating?
Sorry, still not able to find anything that suits your needs.
There are three that meet your criteria. Two are moderately priced and one is expensive. Do you have a preference?
The Express by Holiday Inn Cambridge will fit your needs. How many nights?
Your room has been booked. Your reference number is EZRMPRMW .
I am glad I could be of assistance.
Yes, I need to know where you are leaving from and what city you will be going to?
Great. What day and time do you want to travel?
Yes I have a train that leaves at 15:29 and arrives at 16:07.
I have several 4 star guesthouses available. Do you have a preference for the part of town or price range?
I have found the worth house in the north with a cheap price range and 4 stars. Can I book this for you?
I apologize, I gave you wrong information regarding the train. The first train to leave after 16:00 is at 17:29, and arrives at 18:07.
The Worth House does have free parking, yes.
Your booking was successful. Your reference number is WJN2KKS0 .
I'm glad I could help.
Thanks for letting us assist you! Enjoy your visit!
could you please specify the type of restaurant you are looking for?
I'm sorry, but I checked for Moroccan cuisine in all price ranges,and I can't find anything.
sure, there is bangkok city in that area.
Sure, the number is 01223354382.
There are many options available for you. Would you like to narrow it down by destination, day, departure time or arrival time?
Can I please get the time?
The first available train after 17:45 is the TR588 leaving at 18:09. Would you like me to book it or more information?
Ok great. Booking was successful, the total fee is 226.8 GBP payable at the station . Reference number is : KK3WG1Q1 .
You're welcome. Have a great trip!
I was able to find Efes Restaurant for you. This is a Turkish restaurant in the centre of town with a moderate price range. Would you like a booking?
Unfortunately, the restaurant is full at this time. Is there another time or day I can reserve for you?
Sure, you're all set for 17:15 with reference number 6LZYPIFZ . The table will be reserved for 15 minutes. Would you like assistance with anything else?
Thank you for using this system!
OK, and what day are you traveling?
We have 16 trains that meet that request do you need to arrive by a certain time?
TR8411 departs from Cambridge at 9:36 on Saturday. Would you like me to book a seat for you?
I've booked the ticket for you, your Reference Number is GY20NLB1 .
there are no night clubs on the west sorry
Churchill College is lovely this time of year, and they have no entrance fee.
Of course! The post code is cb30ds. Can I assist you with anything else?
You are welcome. Have a nice day. Bye.
There are many great attractions in Centre, do you have a particular type in mind?
There are a lot of architecture type of attractions available. Would like information about one of those? Perhaps, a church like All Saints Church?
Sure. Postcode is cb58bs and they are located on Jesus Lane.
We have many excellent choices in the centre. Do you have a preference for type of food or pricerange?
I'd recommend the Yippee Noodle Bar unless you'd like to narrow your search down further by food type or price range?
I have 5 restaurants available in the centre of town in the expensive price range. Do you have a food preference?
I'd recommend Midsummer House in the centre of town. It's expensive. What day and time would you like for me to reserve you a table?
Reference number is : 0Q5AF18F . What else may I do for you?
Absolutely, do you have any preferences?
Ok great. Do you have a preference on time?
I have booked a black volvo arriving at midsummer house restaurant by 12:30 on Wednesday and their contact number is 07420307177.
welcome anytime you need our help
Thank you , you too.
I have three of them 2 that are moderate priced and 1 that is cheap. Do you have a preference?
Bridge Guest House has a 3 star rating and is in the moderate price range and is located in the south. Would you like me to book a room?
Your reference number is 7HHYRFA1 . Can I help you with anything else?
Sure, I have two moderately priced restaurants in the south. They are pizza hut cherry hinton and restaurant alimentum. Do either interest you?
I was able to book your table for Friday at 11:30 for 7 people, your reference number is EO14CHVW . Is there anything else I can help you with?
Sure it has been reserved the car type will be a red volvo, contact number 07709680182
It's been a pleasure. Have a good day. Goodbye.
Is there a specific area you would like to stay in? I have multiple options for you.
There are 9 guesthouses in the north side with free parking. Is there a price range you are looking for?
Yes, I see a 4 star guesthouse named acorn guest house that would suit you needs. Would you like for me to proceed with booking?
How many people will be staying at the hotel and for how long? What day will you be arriving?
Alright, I have booked you a room at the Acorn Guest House for 4 nights. Your reference number for that is YU96SDZX . Are you still needing information about a train?
There are 15 trains that leave Norwich Sunday after 9:00. Did you have a specific destination in mind?
There is a train leaving norwich at 9:16 sunday. The price is 14.08 pounds, the travel time is 79 minutes, and you will arrive by 9:16. Want me to book it?
Alright, have a good day!
I actually have many 4-star guesthouses in town. Is there a certain area that interests you?
Trying to narrow this down do you need free parking or free wifi?
I'd recommend that Avalon, as it fulfills your needs. It's located at 62 Gilbert Road cb43pd and the phone number is 01223353071. Would you like more information?
Booked! Reference number is: DR0ZGF0P
Thank you. You, too!
I'm sorry but there aren't any fine Catalan restaurants in Cambridge.
There are 33 expensive establishment in the centre, none of which are catalanan, do you want me to lookup another restaurant type?
There are 3 that fit your new criteria: Fitzbillies Restaurant, the Cambridge Chop House, and Misdummer House Restaurant. Would you like a reservation at one of these?
Your reservation is all set. The reference number is B7I50S2K . Can I help you with anything else?
What is your destination?
What time would you like to leave?
The TR9536 leaves Cambridge at 05:00 and arrives in London, Kings Cross at 05:51. Will that suffice or would you like to book something later in the day?
What time would you prefer to leave by, the latest I have in 11:00.
The cost would be 23.60 pounds, and the trip takes 51 minutes.
ok, perfect, enjoy!
OK, what part of town?
Okay, I recommend the Acorn Guest House. It's in the moderate price range and located in the north. Would you like me to book a reservation for you?
Okay, when would you like to check in and for how many days?
the postcode is cb41da. their phone number is 01223353888. is there something else i may help you with?
There are 23 museum, most of which are free admission. Any prferences on area?
I would recommend museum of archaelogy and anthropology in the centre located at university of cambridge, downing street.
Yes their telephone number is 01223335153.
It is free to enter. What else may I do for you?
university of cambridge, downing street. anything else?
No problem, goodbye.
Autumn House is a cheap, 4-star guesthouse on the east side. It's located at 710 newmarket road, cb58rs.
Booking was successful. Reference number is : 4TN7L0YD . Anything else I can help you with today?
We need to narrow the search. What day do you need the train?
Sure, there's one leaving at 14:06. I booked it for 3 people. 49.5 GBP is the total and your reference number is 0PUJ33IC . The train arrives at 15:24.
You're welcome. Thanks for contacting the Cambridge TownInfo centre!
I would be happy to help you. What area are you interested in?
I have 7 guesthouse and 1 hotel matching your inquiry. Would you like a certain area or price range?
It's looking like they all offer both free parking and Wifi. Would you prefer to stay in a particular area of the city?
You have a reservation at Autumn House, located at 710 newmarket road. Reference number BFT509GX . Can I help you with anything else today?
Thank you, enjoy your stay. Bye.
Which area do you prefer. We have 2 in centre and 1 in east
Ok! The backstreet bistro is located at 2 Sturton Street City Centre in Centre and the postcode is cb12qa. Is there anything else I can help with today?
There are 13 attractions in the west. Are you interested in the college, entertainment, or museum type of attractions?
Churchill College is fun to visit. It's a college. The address is storey's way. The phone number is 01223336233
Thank you and enjoy your visit to cambridge.
We have 18 colleges in Cambridge! Is there a certain area you had in mind? If not, I recommend Churchill College in the west.
There are 13 colleges in the centre. Would you like me to recommend one?
Christ's college is particularly nice. It's located on Saint Andrew's street and the entrance is free. Does that sound good?
Their postcode is cb23bu. Can I help you find anything else today?
Booked! Your reference number is: EKFWZC8W .
You're taxi is all set. It will be a red Ford. The contact number is 07979547936. Is there anything else I can assist you with?
You're welcome. I hope you fully enjoy your time there. Enjoy!
Let me know if I can be of further assistance.
Finding a train into the stansted airport will not be a problem. Do you have a departure point in mind?
There are 63 trains that fit that criteria. Is there a specific day you need to leave?
No worries! I have TR8714 departing Cambridge at 13:40 and arriving at Stansted Airport at 14:08. Will that work for you?
City Centre North B&B is a cheap guesthouse on the north side. It has free wifi and free parking.
When would you like to make your reservation for, and for how many people?
Absolutely! The City Centre North B and B is located at 328a Histon Road, postcode cb43ht. Their number is 01223312843. Can I help you with anything else today?
I'm sorry, I could not make that booking. Would you be able to book another day or have a shorter stay?
Booking was successful for 3 nights at city centre north b and b starting on Friday. Your reference number is VJKBCF6E . Can I help with anything else?
No, problem, I hope you have a great day!
There are 202 trains that fit that criteria, whats your destination?
I have train ID 2001 leaving at 16:40 arriving Stansted Airport at 17:08. Would you like me to confirm this for you.
The price is 8.08 pounds. Would you like me to book it?
There are 14 restaurants in the west. Is there a particular cuisine you are looking for?
The tandoori palace has Indian cuisine. Would you like me to book a table?
I apologize, the booking for that time slot was unsuccessful. Would you like to book for another day or time?
They are not open that early, can I try another time?
I'm sorry, that time didn't work either, would you like to try something else?
I'm sorry, neither 11:15 nor 10:15 are available at Tandoori Palace. Would you like to try a different restaurant, maybe Meghna, an Indian place with a moderate price range?
Unfortunately, there are no bookings available for that time. Would you like to try a different time or day?
I booked India House for 1 at 9:15 on Saturday, reference number XWR84US7 . The restaurant is at 31 Newnham Road. Is this satisfactory?
You're welcome. I am sorry it took so long. Have a nice day.
I am sorry I looked up your criteria and I do not see any expensive russian restaurants in my data base
Yes, I apologize but no restaurants match your search.
I have 3 British restaurants that fit your criteria. I would personally recommend Fitzbillies Restaurant.
Certainly, what day and time would you like a reservation? And for how many guests?
The address is 51 Trumpington Street City Centre. Is there anything else I could help you with today?
I have 5 different expensive hotels around town. Do you have a preference as to what area you would like to stay?
I found 2 listings for you. One hotel is in the west area of town and the other is in the centre part. Would you like me to reserve one?
I was able to book University Arms Hotel. Reference number is : BM4DC6GO .
It was a pleasure to help. Thanks for using our service. Good night.
There are several good restaurant options in that area. Is there a specific type of food you are looking for?
There are quite few expensive places there with many food types from african to turkish. Perhaps you would like local food - there are several expensive british restaurants.
The address is 196 Mill Road City Centre, postcode cb13nf.
Enjoy your meal at the Meze Bar Restaurant. Goodbye.
Sorry, I can't find any steakhouses. Would you be interested in moderately priced British cuisine instead?
I apologize, I can't find any in the centre either.
la tasca meets your standards. would you like to book this restaurant?
The phone number for la tasca is 01223464630. Anything else?
You're welcome. It was a pleasure to help. Have a nice day.
There are two British restaurants in the west area that are expensive; they are Graffiti and Travellers Rest. Would you like to book a table at one of these?
They are in the expensive range for them.
For graffiti the number is 01223277977 and post code is cb30lx. For travellers rest, 01223276182, cb30df.
Thank you. To confirm, you are heading to Cambridge, and on what day? Do you have a specific departure in mind?
Great, did you have a departure time in mind? You could leave Birmingham as early as 5:40 or as late as 18:40.
For how many people will you need to purchase tickets?
Booking was successful, the total fee is 240.32 GBP payable at the station. Reference number is: 1KC4DQXL .
Great! Have a wonderful day!
That is a college in the West with free admission. Would you like the address?
Sure. Magdalene College is west and the phone number is 01223332138. Anything else I can help with?
Okay, what day would you like to travel?
The TR6914 meets your criteria. Would you like to book tickets?
the price is 8.08 pounds and it arrives by 24:07. is there anything else i could help you with?
You're welcome have a great day
I show 13 colleges. Downing college is nice and admission is free. Would you like more information on it?
Christ's college is free. Do you need anything else?
backstreet bistro is an excellent place to dine. Shall I book it for you ?
Booking was successful. The table will be reserved for 15 minutes. Reference number is : REK8FKJ8 .
A taxi has been booked. The car will be a black Audi and the contact number is 07646954910.
You're welcome. You have a great day.
Yes. All Saints Church is on Jesus Lane in the centre of town. It's free to get it. Is there anything else you'd like to know?
I was happy to help. Thanks for using our service. Good day sir.
You are welcome. Have a good day. Goodbye.
There are 33 restaurants that fit your request. Do you have any particular food type in mind?
In that case I would recommend bedouin, which is an exotic African place in town. Do you want me to book it for you ?
Sure thing. It is located at 100 Mill Road City Centre, cb12bd, and their phone number is 01223367660.
Have a nice stay!
how about corpus christi? it is located in the centre.
Sure th entrance fee is 2 pounds and the postcode is cb21rh and the address is king's parade.
We can book you a train ticket. What time would you like to leave?
Unfortunately nothing is coming up that match those perimeters. Would you like to search a different area or price range?
Yes, I found two. Do you have any other preferences, like star rating?
I hear the worth house is really nice. Would you like me to book you a room there?
Your booking was successful! Your reference number is DN5R06RN . Is there anything else I can do for you today?
Where will you be departing from?
Ok great and what time do you prefer to leave or arrive?
Booking completed! Booked car type : blue audi Contact number : 07971903299 anything else?
You're welcome! Can I help you with anything else?
Have a great day. Goodbye.
There are two Pizza Express restaurants located in Cambridge. One on Regent Street City Centre and one at Jesus Lane Fen Ditton.
I've reserved your table at pizza express at their Regent Street City Centre location on Saturday at 18:00, for 2 people, reference number W5962B01 . Can I help you with anything else?
What is your destination and your departure and arrival times?
There are 5 trains that meet those criteria. Do you want to leave at 19:36?
The TR4082 will also arrive by 20:55. How many tickets would you like to book?
Certainly, the price is 14.08 pounds per ticket.
Glad I could help! Enjoy your time in Cambridge!
There are 15 cheap restaurants available in the Centre area. Are you looking for a particular type of food cuisine?
Unfortunately, that time slot isn't available. Would you like to try a different time?
I've booked you a table for two at the river bar steakhouse and grill on Wednesday at 12:45. The reference number is TX50SNZS .
I have several options for hotels in the centre of town near the restaurant. Do you have a specific price range for the hotel?
ok I have a couple of options. Would you prefer the one with 4 stars or 0 stars?
Okay, let's try the Alexander Bed and Breakfast. How many days would you like to stay?
Your room is booked, your reference number is: N1Q230JF . Anything else I can do for you?
You're quite welcome. Goodbye!
Alright the first train leave by 11:00.
TR4757 is just fine for you. it takes 88 minutes. can i book
TR4757 is much later than you want. TR5874 is better - it will leave at 09:59 and arrive at 11:27.
there's nothing in that area, do you want me to check other areas?
There are 13 colleges located in the center of cambridge. Would you like a recommendation?
Sure, I would recommend Corpus Christi College, their admission fee is 2 pounds. Would you like a reservation?
Okay, have a great day!
Thank you. Please contact us again if you need anything else.
This is a moderately priced Indian restaurant in the west. Would you like me to make a reservation?
I can absolutely do that, but I will need a day, time, and party size for your reservation.
Booking was successful. The table will be reserved for 15 minutes. Your reference number is : TNUY77OW . Can I help you with anything further today?
The first train leaves at 5:16.
Do you want to book the train at this time?
Reference number is : 8ZN9MUJ9 . Is there anything else?
I'm glad I could be of help. Have a great day!
I can definitely help with that. Are you leaning toward a guesthouse or hotel?
Acorn Guest House is available.
Sorry, it doesn't. However there are 6 guesthouses that do. Would you prefer something cheap?
Could you tell me how many nights are you wanting to stay, and with how many people, so I can see what is available?
I was able to book the Allenbell for 2 people for 4 nights. Would that work for you?
Your reference number is KT4UG66C .
Awesome. Please enjoy your stay. Goodbye.
the lensfield hotel is a nice place
No, it is only three stars. It is the only expensive hotel in that area of town. Would you like to look in a different area?
The aylesbray lodge guest house is available. Do you need a reservation?
Booking was successful. Reference number is : 4HEG7LAD . Is there something else I can help you with?
Well thank you and enjoy your stay
Thanks for calling us.
Of course, I can help with that. What is your destination?
The TR7554 meets your criteria. Would you like to book tickets?
I've booked 2 tickets on train TR7554 departing Cambridge for Stansted at 20:40. Your total fare is 16.16 GBP, payable at the station. Your reference number is 62AZ9535 .
You're very welcome! Bye!
I have 8 hotels that offer free parking and WiFi. Do you have a preference for an area to stay in?
There are no expensive guest houses.
I am sorry there are no expensive guesthouse either. Would you like to try cheap price range or a hotel instead?
The Archway House is a popular 4 star guesthouse in the North part of town in the moderate price range with free internet and parking. Should I book it?
You're all set! Your reference number is 7CIDI5RH . Is there anything else I can help you with today?
Saint Catharine's College in the centre of Cambridge. What information would you like about the college?
Saint Catharine's College information is: Tel. 01223338300, Postcode: cb21rl, Address: king's parade.
Ywa which spot will you be leaving from and do you have an estimated time?
Done! You'll be picked up in a white Ford, and the contact number is 07049413666. Can I help you with anything else?
Have a fantastic day, goodbye
The grafton hotel is an expensive restaurant in the east. Their phone number is 01223241387.
In that case, I'd recommend Pipasha Restaurant, at Newmarket Road Fen Ditton. It's a great expensive indian restaurant in the east. Would that work for you?
The booking was successful you reference number is NLRQ7HOS they will hold the table for 15 minutes.
Thank you and enjoy your meal!
Where will you want to be traveling to and from?
Train TR3810 is the closest to an 11:30 arrival it would leave at 9:17 and get to there by 10:08, would you like me to book you?
Is there anything else I can do for you?
You're welcome, have a great day!
I've found three to choose from. What area would you like? I have 2 in the north and 1 in the centre. Do you know?
Sorry, None of these places are 3 stars. Would you like to try something different?
Unfortunately, there are no hotels that fit that criteria, but there are 3 guesthouses with all the other specifications. Are you interested in those?
Okay. We have you booked at the Bridge Guest House. Your reference number is 2V8LWI7J . Can I help with anything else?
What area of town would you like to attend a museum at?
How about the cafe jello gallery? The address is 13 magdalene street and free admission.
Are you sure? We also have the Cambridge and County folk museum. Would you like some information about it?
Is there anything else you need today?
Your welcome. Have a nice day.
I have two pools in the north area of town: jesus green outdoor pool and kings hedges learner pool. Which do you prefer?
Yes, they are located at jedburgh court, kings hedges. Would also like their phone number?
I have 5 expensive places to stay. How about one in the town centre?
That will narrow it down to two hotels. Huntington Marriott hotel and University Arms hotel. Which do you prefer?
I was able to book you at huntingdon marriot hotel, the reference number is 2HMYJPIO, can I assist with anything else?
Certainly. Would time would you like to leave and arrive at your destination.
Your taxi is booked as well. It will be a Yellow Volvo and the contact number is 07007934292. Would that be all for you?
Thanks for using our service. Good day.
I would be happy to find the attraction. What is the name of the attraction?
Yes, I have the cherry hinton hall and grounds located in the east area. Would you like more information on it?
The address is cherry hinton road but it does not show if there is an entrance fee. May I help with anything else today?
I have 3 restaurants matching your request, 2 in the center and on in the south. What area do you prefer?
I suggest restaurant alimentum, would you like me to make a reservation for you?
Booking was successful. The table will be reserved for 15 minutes. Reference number is : AO05KJX4 .
You're welcome, have a great day.
Goodbye, enjoy your stay.
Yes it is located in centre and it's address is Jesus Lane Fen Dittion. Phone 01223324033
Can I help you with anything else today?
There are several that have arrival times that fit your needs. Where will you be leaving from and what time?
I think you'll be most happy with TR5870. It arrives in Cambridge at 8:43. Would you like me to book this for you?
The price is 10.24 pounds.
The travel time is 49 minutes. Is there anything else I can help you with?
Thank you for using the Cambridge TownInfo centre. We're here 24/7 if you need us. Have a great day
I have 15 different restaurants available. What type of food would you like them to serve?
Unfortunately none of them serve Scandanavian food. I don't believe any restaurants in town do. Is there another cuisine you might like instead?
The River Bar steakhouse and grill does. Can I make you a reservation?
They are located at Quayside Off Bridge Street, phone number is 01223307030, and their postcode is cb58aq
Can you please tell me what day you would like your train and what time?
Okay I have booked you a train ticket from Bishops stortford to Cambridge for 1 person leaving at 13:29. Your reference number is 962Q6MQG .
Okay! I've changed your reservation for 6 tickets rather than one. The reference number is now QHYYACDV .
You're most welcome!
We have many guesthouses and hotels in town. Are you looking for something specific?
Sure, I can help with that. Were you looking for a specific type of entertainment?
The allenbell would suite your needs .Would you like me to make you a reservation?
All set. The AllenBell is expecting your party on Tuesday and your reference is ZEPTV9PC . Please let me know if there is anything else I can help you with.
Unfortunately I'm not showing anything under those specifications.
I have four options. The cambridge artworks is free entrance and I personally recommend it.
The postcode is cb13ef. Anything else I can help with?
Have a great time.
I would be happy to help with that. Is there a certain area of town you would prefer to visit?
The funky fun house is located in the east and is quite funky and fun.
I don't show the entrance fee. The address is 8 mercers row, mercers row industrial estate and the phone is 01223304705.
There are 15 restaurants. Do you have a location or price point?
There are 3. Pizza hut city centre, ask, or zizzi Cambridge. Which one sounds good to you?
Not a problem, I have five of you booked for zizzi cambridge at 11:30 on Tuesday. Your reference number is YXGPLZ55 . Is there anything else today?
I was able to book that taxi for you. Be looking for a yellow BMW. If you need to contact the company, their phone number is 07372392556. Anything else?
You're welcome. Please call again.
Goodbye and have a nice night.
Where are you departing from?
Okay, there is an 18:36 train that will arrive by 19:55. Just that sound good?
Your booking was successful. You will be paying 35.20 at the station and your reference number is VAJDAW8J . Can I help you further?
What type of food do you like ?
We have many available attractions in city centre. Would you be interested in a nightclub, cinema, theatre, or another type of entertainment?
Sorry, there are no results for that query. Would you like to try a different area or type?
I'm sorry we have no entertainment attractions in centre. Should I look for another type of attraction?
All saints church is a great architecture attraction on jesus lane. Entrance is free. Anything else today?
The address is jesus lane in centre.
Is there anything else you need today?
You're very welcome. Good day.
Maharajah Tandoori Restaurant is an expensive Indian restaurant on the west side of town at 41518 Castle Street City Centre. Do you want their phone number?
Their phone number is 01223358399. Is there anything more I can help you with today?
Sure thing, where will you be departing from?
I'm sorry, we don't have any. Is there something else I can help you with?
There are no Polynesian restaurants in the east at all, cheap, expensive, or otherwise.
sure, there is the grafton hotel restaurant in that area.
They are at Grafton Hotel 619 Newmarket Road Fen Ditton, postcode cb58pa, they can be reached at 01223241387, can I help with anything else?
how about TR2519? it arrives by 10:01.
I have train TR2925 available. It departs cambridge on wednesday at 16:01 and arrives in broxbourne at 17:01. Will that work?
I was able to book that for you for a total of 35.79 GBP. Your reference number is 7VRFHBER .
You're welcome, have a great day!
There is the La Raza located at 4-6 Rose Crescent. The phone number is 0122364550.
Yes, it is located in the centre. Would you like to make a booking?
When would you like to eat at La Raza and how many people in the party?
You are booked at la raza with the reference number D0K5VZN7 . The table will be reserved for 15 minutes. What else can I help you with?
Yes, there are 13. I'd recommend Corpus Christi. Would you like more information?
It is at cb21rh King's Parade.
Your booking was a success. You have a white Audi and contact number is: 07896876541. Anything else I can assist you with?
Where would you like to be picked up from?
Where will you be going to?
You are booked on a red lexus .
Yes, your contact number is 07236149315. Do you need other bookings?
You're quite welcome. Contact us again anytime! Bye.
Absolutely! What type of hotel would you like to stay in and what is your price range?
We have 14 guesthouses around town that fit your criteria. Are you planning on staying in a specific area of town?
I can book a room for you at Avalon.
Booking was successful. Reference number is : KPBDLEXW . anything else for you?
Sure, arrival at the Cambridge station? When are you traveling?
train ID TR5790 leaves at 19:09. will that be fine with you?
Booking was successful, the total fee is 120.96 GBP payable at the station . Reference number is : 4QNVL472 . Can i help with anything else today?
You are welcome, enjoy your stay in cambridge.
Yes I can book that for you, first I'll need to know your destination.
Booking is complete, a blue skoda will pick you up.
The contact number is 07499145428. Can I be of further assistance?
You're welcome, have a wonderful time!
Rice Boat restaurant is located on 37 Newnham Road. The phone number is 01223302800. The restaurant serves upscale Indian cuisine.
OK. How many people should I book the table for?
You are all set! Your reference number for the reservation is: TAI3KD9O Will that be all for you today?
There are 13 colleges in that area. Christ's college is free and located on Saint Andrew's street.
Sure! The postcode is cb23bu. Can I help you with anything else today?
Thank you for using our services. We are happy to help. Have a wonderful day.
There's the architecture of the churches and schools. There are also cinemas, colleges, and boats.
There are 44 different attractions to visit in the centre of town. Is there a specific kind of attraction in mind. Perhaps a museum?
I have ballare,it is a nightclub and is very nice.
The address for Ballare is Heidelberg Gardens, Lion Yard. Is there anything else I can help you with?
There are no results. Is there another search I can try?
pizza hut cherry hinton is a italian great place to eat. Shall i book it for you ?
Booking was successful. The table will be reserved for 15 minutes.Reference number is : H43JKOEL .
Will you be leaving from Ballare?
Booking is complete a blue toyota will pick you up.
No, only informatin I have is Booked car type : blue toyota Contact number : 07110577861
Alright. Thanks for calling.
There are two cheap restaurants on the west side, one Italian and one Vietnamese. Do you have a preference?
No, sorry we have no cheap Polish restaurants in the west of town, would you like me to look in a different area or price range?
I do have la margherita that meets your requests. Would you like me to book a table for you?
Certainly. La Margherita is located at 15 Magdalene Street City Centre and their phone number is 01223315232. Is there anything else I can help you with today?
Awesome. Have a good rest of your day!
how about the missing sock? it's located in the east.
Okay, there's two. The Varsity Restaurant and Bloomsbury Restaurant.
Booking was successful. The table will be reserved for 15 minutes. Reference number is : Y0Y0TNBU .
Can you tell me what day you want to go, please?
Would you like me to book a train for you leaving at 5:50 and arriving by 6:07?
Train TR2013 leaving at 5:50 has a price of 4.40 pounds.
Goodbye, have a great day.
Ok, what is your destination?
I'm sorry. I meant to ask where are you departing from?
I've booked a grey BMW, the contact number is 07618837066.
Thank you goodbye
There is the broughton house gallery, do you like museums?
No, but there are several architectural sights in the city centre. Would you like me to provide the addresses of some?
There is All Saints Church on Jesus Lane, Great Saint Mary's Church on Market Square, Holy Trinity church on Market street, and two others, would you like those addresses as well?
Their postcode is cb58bs. Their phone number is 01223452587. Is there anything else I can help you with?
The TR7509 departs Birmingham New Street at 13:40 and should get you to Cambridge by 16:32. Would you like me to book you a ticket? Or perhaps an earlier train?
Actually, TR7509 arrives by 16:23. Would that work for you?
Yes. I've got you booked for 4 tickets, reference number 65LWDB9Q . The fee will be 300.39, payable at the station. Can I help you with anything else?
Thank you for using our system!
I found a lot of options, where would you like to go and what time would you depart?
The closest arrival time I show to 10:45 is 1 train that arrives at 09:54. Will this work for you?
It will be 37.80 pounds.
Loch fyne is perfect then. It is a bit expensive but very delicious. Would you like a table?
The address is The Little Rose 37 Trumpington Street . The phone number is 01223362433
Have a nice day.
I can help with that. Where would you be departing from?
The TR3492 arrives in Cambridge at 19:52. That's the last train before 20:30.
Yes the train id is TR3492. Is there anything else I can do for you?
Sure! The 4-star Huntingdon Marriott Hotel is in the west of town, at Hinchinbrook Business Park. It's expensive, though parking and internet are included. Does that answer your question?
Absolutely. Their postcode is pe296fl. Can I be of any further assistance today?
If you need anything else, please don't hesitate to contact us.
I can help with that, what is your destination?
Got it. And can I have a time please?
Have you in a gray Skoda, 07138317821 is the contact info.
Is there anything else I can help you with?
Thank you, have a great day.
Great! What were you interested in doing while you're here?
There are 202 trains into cambridge on Friday. Where are you traveling from?
There is a train leaving Cambridge for Norwich that departs at 19:36. Would this suffice?
You are all set! Your reference number for your booking is 1Z40L862 . Is there anything else I can help you with?
There is 1 expensive hotel and 3 less costly guesthouses in the south. Do you have a preference?
aylesbray lodge guest house will suit your needs. Can I book something for you?
yes they do offer free parking
Sure, it is located at 5 Mowbray Road, postcode cb17sr.
You're welcome, have a great day.
We have 14 different expensive Indian restaurants in town. Do you prefer a specific part of the city?
In the center of town, I recommend Saffron Brasserie, at Hills Road City Centre. Would you like to book a table?
Sure! The post code is cb21la. What time should I reserve your table for?
Sure where are you travelling from and at what time do you wish to travel?
TR7803 leaves cambridge at 18:11 on Monday and arrives in Kings Lynn at 18:58. Does that suit your needs?
The price of the train is 9.80 pounds.
Glad to help you. Have a great day.
We have lots to explore! I can help you find one, if you'd like.
I'm sorry there are no restaurants serving Scandinavian food. Is there another type of food you might like to try?
I have 4 different indian places to eat. Two are moderately priced and two are expensive. Do you have a preference?
Okay, I've booked a table at the Curry Prince for you. The reference number is NZ5WKZ9V . The table will be reserved for 15 minutes.
Where will you be headed?
TR2874 train arrives at stevenage at 14:10. Would you like more info or can I book it for you?
Sure! The fare is 12.80 pounds and the travel time is 49 minutes. Is there anything else I can help you with today?
Please feel free to call again if we can assist you in other ways. Thank you for calling. Goodbye.
I'm sorry, there are no theatres located on the west side of town. Would you like to try a different area?
We do have seven museums in that area. Are you looking for one that has free admission?
Hi the phone number to the cafe jello gallery is 01223312112 and it is free.
Absolutely. First, can you confirm you are departing from Cambridge, and the day you desire?
I have the TR8808, that arrives in kings lynn by 15:58. Would you like me to book this for you?
You are all set. Your reference number is 4NQ9WPKL, the total is 39.2 GBP and is payable at the station.
you're welcome. thank you
I've found several restaurants meeting your criteria. Is there a specific area of town you're looking for?
I have found Yu Garden in the East. Would you like me to go ahead and book that?
I was unable to book there, shall i try another time or place?
Your table is booked for Tuesday and will be reserved for 15 minutes. Your reference number is 47ELJDK0 . Anything else?
Thank you, enjoy your stay in Cambridge.
I'm afraid there aren't any. Would you like to try another area or cuisine?
Nandos is cheap in that area.
Nandos serves portuguese food in the south area. Would you like a reservation?
Booking was unsuccessful. Is there another day or time slot you would be interested in?
Yes, that did the trick! Your reference number is OTN7HHGY and they'll hold the table for 15 minutes. Is there anything else I can help you with?
You're very welcome. Good day.
There are 19 options that meet your criteria. Let's narrow it down a bit. What part of town would you like to stay in?
Alexander bed and breakfast is in town centre, cheaply priced with a 4 star rating. It also offers free parking and wifi. Would you like to book a room?
I'm sorry but booking was unsuccessful. Would like to try another day or a shorter stay?
Great, you're booked for 4 nights with reference number 3VUMBFZ0 . May I help you with anything else?
There are 4 results for boating attractions. Are you looking for the centre area? If not there is also one in the east and one in the north.
I can book you with scudamores punting co located in the centre area. The entrance fee is ? and the address is granta place, mill lane. Is that fine?
I'm sorry but the entrance fee is not listed. But here is there phone number if you wish to contact them 01223359750. What else can I assist you with?
You're welcome. Have a nice day.
What area of town would you like to stay and what is your price range?
We have lots of 4 star rated options. Were you looking to stay within a certain price range and I can help you find the perfect fit?
a and b guest house
No problem. Will it be just you?
I was able to successfully book you for your stay. Your reference number is JWM813SD . Is there anything else I can help you with?
Yes! Wandlebury country park is located in south and the entrance fee is free. Is there anything else you want to know?
Certainly. The phone number is 01223243830.
Thank you for contacting Cambridge TownInfo Centre. Have a great trip!
There are a few attractions in the south, you might like byard art it's a free museum. Would you like the address?
The address is 14 king's parade, postcode cb21sj, and the phone number is 01223464646. Is there anything else I can do for you?
Please clarify your departure city please.
There are 14 trains that fit your criteria. The first departs at 5:11 and the last train train departs at 18:11. What would be your preference for departure time?
Train TR7579 leaves Cambridge on Saturday at 18:11 and arrives at Kingslynn at 18:58. Would you like me to book this train for you?
Booking was successful, the total fee is 39.2 GBP payable at the station . Reference number is : QKQT1KP9 .
Glad I could help. Have a great trip!
There are no Asian Oriental restaurants in the South. Would you like me to try another area?
I don't have anything that is cheap in the south. Can I try something else?
I have the lucky star. Would you like me to make a booking for you?
I was able to book your table for 5 on Saturday. The Reference number is : CAQB4I7N .
OKay, where is your destination?
What day do you need to book the train for?
Tomorrow, as In Sunday?
I successfully booked your 5 tickets for Sunday, the total fee is 94.4 GBP payable at the station and the reference number is : N30IQYXX .
You're welcome. Have a great day.
Huntington Marriott is hotel in the west of town in the expensive price range.
It doesn't look like there is such a hotel in Cambridge. Would you like me to look for something else?
Yes, the Cityroomz hotel is moderately priced and centrally located with 0 stars. It also has free wifi. Would you like to book your stay?
Before we start with the booking, what day do we want to arrive at the hotel?
Booking was successful. Your reference number is: 820HY6FH . Is there anything else I can help with?
I can help you find a restaurant in the centre of town. Do you have a cuisine in mind?
I have 35 trains available that leave cambridge to london liverpool street. What day do you want to travel?
If you would like, I could book you on the TR9025. A ticket costs 13.28 pounds.
We're always happy to help! Have a wonderful day.
Castle Galleries is a museum in the center of town, entry is free, would you like more details?
Yes, the phone number is 01223307402 and the postcode is cb23bj. Can I help with anything else today?
You're welcome! Have a great day!
Yes, there is so much here. You'll like it. Can I find something in particular for you?
all saints church is located in the centre and has fabulous architecture!
There is not a fee for All Saints Church, would you like more information about it?
Okay! Did you have a particular area or price type you were looking for?
I am sorry but I can't find any guesthouses that meet your criteria. Could you use a different price range?
How about the arbury lodge guesthouse?
i wasn't going to book it for you?
You are booked as requested for Arbury lodge guesthouse, the reference number is E54BAG41, can I assist with anything else?
Sure! What is the destination for the taxi?
Thank you very much, I have booked you for a white tesla at 09:30. The contact number is 07369590593. Is there anything else I can do for you?
You're welcome. I'm glad I could help. Have a nice day.
Okay, when would you like to leave or arrive by?
TR1502 leaves at 11:00 and arrives by 11:51. Does that work for you?
The cost per ticket is 23.60 pounds. Would you like to book a seat on this train?
There are 18 results, can you be more specific as to what you're looking for?
Yes, we have 7 hotels matching your request. Is parking a necessity?
Sure. I recommend Acorn Guest House- it is postcode cb41da. It is in the north and moderate price as requested. Want me to book it?
You're welcome. Do you need any other help today?
Have a great day, then.
I'm sorry, I haven't found any matches, would you like me to look for something else?
The Huntingdon Marriott is an expensive 4 star hotel in the west, does that sound ok?
I am sorry but there is not a 4 star hotel at a moderate price in center area of the city.
I am not finding any. Could you try telling me another criteria to search for you?
There are no hotels that match that criteria, but there are 6 guest houses. Would a guest house work for you?
I have many moderately priced guesthouses. Would that work for you?
The only 4 star hotels are in the west and centre, and they're either cheap or expensive - nothing moderately priced. Would you like to try a different price point?
I'm sorry for the confusion. May I suggest the Acorn guest house, which is moderately priced, in the north, with 4 stars, and free parking?
No trouble! I've booked you for 7 people at 2 nights starting Saturday, at the Acorn Guest House located at 154 Chesterton Road. Can I help you with anything else?
Actually, it looks like there was an error, and the booking was not successful, would you like to try a different day or length of stay?
Sure, I can!
Booking was successful. Your reference number is BD4AV5KN . Is there anything else I can help you with?
There are several to choose from. The TR1152 leaves at 12:11 and arrives by 12:58. Does that sound suitable? I can book you some tickets if you'd like.
Have a good day.
The Alexander Bed and Breakfast is a cheap 4 star guesthouse in the centre of town. It has internet and parking.
The postcode is cb12de. Would you like me to book a room?
There are no nightclubs in that area.
We have several in the area. I would recommend the museum of classical archaeology. It's a free attraction located on sidgwick avenue.
It's absolutely free to get in! Is there anything else I can help you with?
The museum's phone number is 01223335153, and the post code is cb39da. May I assist you with anything else today?
I booked your taxi. It is going to be a red Volkswagen. The contact number is 07550911572.
Great. Thanks for using our service!
We found 5 guest houses for you, but I need to know your preferred area.
I could recommend the allenbell. It is priced cheap and has 4 stars.
I have booked the allenbell for you starting on Tuesday for 4 nights for 7 people. Your reference number is IX0QVRB4 . Is there anything else I may assist with?
Thank you for using our system today!
It is located in the east,expensive and is a 2 star hotel.
Booking was successful. Reference number is : XXPDU1JP .
Queens' college is located in the west area on silver street. The post code is cb39et and phone number is 01223335511. Entrance fee is 2.50. Anything else?
Glad we could be of service, and thanks for using the Cambridge TownInfo centre!
I'd love to help! where's your destination?
I have 10 different trains that day from Stevenage to Cambridge. What time would you like to leave?
Ok, I have TR7785 that leaves Friday at 13:54. Would you like me to book it?
Booking was successful, the total fee is 38.4 GBP payable at the station. Reference number is : JPLBE5HV .
Thanks for using Cambridge TownInfo centre! Have a nice day!
There are no cinemas in the west would a college interest you?
There's 7 one of my favorites is kettle's yard on castle street it has free admission. Would that interest you?
The post code for Kettle's yard is cb30aq
Where are headed?
There is a train departing at 15:40 and arriving to Cambridge by 18:23. Would you like me to book that for you?
Thank you for calling. Please enjoy your trip. Goodbye.
There are lots of places to choose from. Are you looking for something in a specific area of town?
That narrows it down to 19 places to stay. I'll need to know what part of town you want to stay in or your pricerange to better help you.
Ok, if you are happy with a guesthouse, there's alexander bed and breakfast, which is a cheap four star place in the city centre. Does that sound good?
The postcode is cb12de, can I assist with anything else?
The TR4125 meets your criteria. Would you like to book tickets?
Okay I have booked those for you and your reference number is FG8Y4ARW .
You are very welcome! I hope you have a great trip! Enjoy!
You are quite welcome, we are happy to help. Have a great day!
There is so much to see. Do you have any interests?
There is Vue Cinema at The Grafton Centre, East Road, postcode CB11PS. Their phone is 08712240240.
please help me with more details on the time
Okay, great. We have a lot of options. Would you like to narrow it down further by destination, departure time, or arrival time?
There is a train that leaves at 21:00.
Reference number is : JFM4HTL4 . Is there anything else?
It's been a pleasure. Have a great day. Goodbye.
There are several for you to choose from. What kind of food would you like?
Really, there are too many to list. I would recommend a nice Chinese restaurant like Charlie Chan.
Unfortunately there is no availability on Tuesday at 13:00. Would you like me to try to book at another time?
I booked it for you. Your reference is H1LECR09 . Is there anything else I can help you with?
There are 44 attractions in the centre. Was there a specific type of attraction you want? We have all saints church at the centre, would that suffice?
The postcode is cb58bs and the attraction type is architecture. Is there anything else I can do for you?
You are welcome. Have a great day!
Yes. There are many. Do you have a particular attraction type in mind or area to help narrow down your options?
How about the Holy Trinity Church? It is located on Market Street and the postcode is cb23nz.
The address is regent street, and the phone number is 01223351241. Do you need the postcode?
The postcode is cb21ad.
That hotel has 4 stars.
You're very welcome. Can I do anything else for you today?
Great news! I was able to schedule that taxi service for you. A yellow volkswagen will be picking you up. If you need to reach them, their phone is 07335124506.
Thank you let us know if you need more help.
The Lensfield Hotel is available if you would like to book there just let me know.
I can get you into the bridge Guest House. It is rated with three stars and has both internet and parking amenitites.
Unfortunately no. Would you be willing to expand your price range?
Certainly I have the Lensfield Hotel and it is considered expensive. Shall I book that for you?
The type of hotel is a regular hotel that is rated 3 stars and has both free parking and internet connectivity amenities. Could I help you with booking?
How many people am I making the reservation for?
Just to verify, you wanted a room at the Lensfield Hotel for Tuesday with one guest and a 3 night stay? Is that correct?
Alright, is there anything else I can do for you today?
Very well, have a great day and feel free to call us back when you are ready to book.
Okay, there are several trains available.. looks like they are all going to Cambridge. Is that where you would like to go?
Yes, there are five trains that leave after that time. Is there a time you would like to arrive by?
i recommend TR5754. it leaves 11:24 . can i book for for
Would you like to book a room at the acorn guest house?
I've made those reservations and your reference number is 2OQY5DXG .
Thank you for using the Cambridge TownInfo centre! Have a nice trip!
The University Arms Hotel is located on regent street. Would you like their phone number?
Sorry, it looks like they're all booked up. Would you like to try a different day or just one night?
Excellent. The booking worked. Your reference number is 6P5MIATO .
Certainly, where will you be departing from for your train to cambridge?
TR4887 is the only morning train that early. I can certainly book it for you! How many riders will be traveling?
I have gone ahead and booked that for you. The train ride will be 163 minutes.
You're welcome! Safe travels!
Sure. What of part town do you prefer?
Nothing in the north, sorry. The closest would be Broughton House Gallery in the Centre at 98 King Street, cv11ln. Is that too far?
There is the byard art museum located in the south. Are you interested?
Certainly. Byard Art is located at 14 king's parade and their postcode is cb21sj. Can I help you with anything else?
We have one 3 star hotel, the lensfield hotel, in the southern part of town. It is expensive.
Their phone number is 01223355017
You're welcome, enjoy yourself.
In order for me to find the best train to suit you, can you provide me with a preferred departure or arrival time?
There are 14 trains that arrive by 12:45. What time would you like to leave?
The latest train leaves at 11:48 and arrives at 12:38. The cost per ticket is 13.20 GBP. Would you like to book this train?
Perfect. I have booked your trip. Reference # K3MJOHZK .
Glad I could help! Have a nice day!
I actually only have 1 concerthall located in the centre of town. It is called The Man On The Moon. Is there any other information you need for them?
I have one called, "The Place", would you like more info on it?
01223324600, Phones number. Address, post code first is: cb23hg, 22 sidney street. Anything else?
Where will you be departing from? Do you have a specific time you need for departure or arrival?
I have train TR0397 that will be departing at 15:17 and will arrive by 16:08. Do you think that would work for you?
It is 51 minutes. May I help you with anything else today?
You're welcome! Let us know if you need anything further!
It is located at free school lane cb23rh and their phone number is 01223330906
It is a museum that is located in the centre of town.
I can give you information on that. Alexander B&B is a guesthouse in the centre of town. It is relatively cheap, has a 4-star rating. Would you like to book here?
Booking was successful and your reference number is LCF5IPER .
Ok. A red audi will pick you up at the museum at 04:15. The contact number is 07264778844. Do you need anything else?
Great, glad we could help!
How about Bedouin Restaurant that serves African food located on 100 Mill Road City Centre? Would you like me to book it for you?
Great, I have booked your table for 6 at 15:15 on sunday, your reference number is 7B529GFP . Is there anything else I can do for you?
There are 5 options in the town centre. All Saints Church is located on Jesus Lane and has free admission.
The phone number is 01223452587.
I have you booked for a black toyota with the contact number 07701269558. Is there anything else I can assist you with?
It was a pleasure assisting you. Have a wonderful day.
I have The Cambridge Belfry, located in the west, cheap and has wifi. Would you like me to make a reservation for you?
It does include free parking.
Booking was not successful. Perhaps another day or shorter stay?
Booking was successful. Reference number is : RHWJ0F1Y .
Thank you, I hope you have a great day, too. If there's anything else you'd like help with just let me know.
There are five colleges in the west. Do you mind paying an entrance fee?
I can recommend Churchill College. The postcode is cb30ds. It is free to enter.
When would you like to leave?
Train TR8374 leaves at 13:21. Is that ok for you?
Would you like me to book it for you?
Your seats have been reserved. Your reference number is I8GSSVX9 . Is there anything else I can help with?
Well, gee, thanks! Have a great day!
I have two available. I have El Shaddai which is located in the centre of town. And I also have City Centre North B & B located in the north.
Yes, they both include free parking and wifi.
Absolutely! When would you like to stay?
I've reserved your room for you, your reference number is 542J9WOG .
Awesome. Have a good day!
Alright, you have 11 options. What area would you like to stay in? Do you require internet or parking?
I have 6 matching guesthouses. Would you like a recommendation or do you want to specify something else?
How about the kirkwood house? It's postcode is cb41da and the phone number is 01223306283.
Yes, The Kirkwood House does have internet. Would you like me to book that for you?
There are 56 trains do you have a departure location or arrival time or day?
There are 5 trains leaving after 1600 that may work for you. Would you like me to book the earliest, which leaves at 1601?
Each train costs 75.10 pounds with a duration of 163 minutes for that trip. If you take the TR0021 at 16:01, you'll arrive by 18:44.
No problem. Glad I could be of help.
Glad we could help. Have a great day!
How does magdalene college sound to you? It is free to enter.
Sure thing, the address is magdalene street, the postcode cb30ag, and the phone number is 01223332138. Anything else?
I found a train that leaves at 05:24. Would you like that one?
We have three such trains. Any preferences?
I have found 3 trains that would arrive before 8:30. The cost would be 50.50 pounds total for 5 people. Would you like me to book one?
TR9641 has been booked for a party of 5 people on Monday. The total cost is 50.5 GBP, payable at the station and the reference number is KP8FDJTB . Need anything else?
Great. You have a great time then! Goodbye.
I have a number of trains leaving from london liverpool street. Where are you going and when do you want to go?
Yes I can. There are a total of 8 trains arriving by 21:15 on Tuesday. Would a train that departs at 17:39 and arrives by 19:07 be okay with you?
I have booked it for you and the reference number is: ZBGBFGTB
Yes certainly. It is a guesthouse on the East side of Cambridge and has a rating of 4 stars. It also offers free internet and parking amenities.
Have a wonderful day!
Yes. The Golden Wok is on the north side of town and in the moderate price range. Would you like a reservation or their telephone number?
How many people will be dining and on what day and time?
Booking was successful. The table will be reserved for 15 minutes. Reference number is : MROJJ8S1 . anything else?
Where would you like the train to go?
The TR7413 train leaves at 8:06 and arrives by 8:56. Would you like me to book that for you, or get an earlier train?
Sorry, I made a mistake, the train Id is actually TR2077. i did get that booked for you though. the total fee is 79.19 GBP payable at the station .
I am sorry, what day?
Ok I will book it now.
Your reservations are complete. Your Reference number is : EY5923AZ .
You're welcome. Have a great day!
Sure. Are you interested in a particular type of food or a particular area of town?
I don't have anything in that area. Can I try another area?
We have moderan european restaurants in the centre of town. What price range would you like to stay in?
How about the riverside brasserie located at Doubletree by Hilton Cambrdige Granta Place Mill Lane?
yes, it is a modern european restaurant. do you want a table reserved?
Their phone number is 01223259988, and the postcode is cb21rt.
I need more information on the destination and the departure, please.
The earliest train leaves 05:21 and the last one leaves at 13:21. They all have a travel time of 49 minutes.
You are booked on TR6998. Your reference number is ZPA4M12D . The total fee is 71.68 GBP payable at the station. Is there something else I can help you with?
have a nice day, goodbye!
There are entertainment, museum, multiple sports, park, and swimmingpool attractions. Would you like more information on any of those?
I'd recommend Cambridge Artworks. Would you like more information?
Cambridge Artworks is a museum. I found the Cambridge Belfry hotel. Would you like a reservation?
Yes, they are 4 star rated. They are cheap and located in the west. They also offer free parking and wifi. Would you like a reservation?
You are welcome. Have I answered all of your questions for you satisfactorily today?
Ok - Thank you! Enjoy your stay!
thank you goodbye
The two cheap places in the west are La Margherita, which serves Italian food, and Thanh Binh, which is Vietnamese fare. Do you have a preference?
Done! Your reference number is QIUDKI13 . Do you need help with anything else?
There are two hotels in that area, one expensive and the other cheap. Which one suits you better?
Yes, both have free parking.
I can book at the huntingdon marriott hotel. It's a 4 star hotel in the west area.
The Cambridge Belfry is much cheaper. Want to book there?
Booking was successful, your reference number is : 3YFXDR4X . Do you need help with anything else today?
Thank you so much for your help.
Might I suggest Acorn Guest House? It also offers free parking!
Would you like me to book a room for you?
its a guesthouse in the north. phone is 01223353888 postcode cb41da location is 154 chesterton road
I actually have 7 of them. Did you have a certain type of museum in mind or if you like I can give a recommendation?
How about Cafe Jello Gallery?
the address is cafe jello gallery, 13 magdalene street, cb30af and entrance is free
Your welcome. I am glad I could help you out.
Sure, I can help you with that. Do you prefer a specific area in town? Or maybe you'd like a certain kind of food?
Nandos has restaurants in the south and the centre of town. Would you like to book either of those?
I'm sorry, there are no tables available for Monday at 15:30. Would you like to try for a different day or time?
I made you a reservation at Nando's south, at 14:30 on Monday. The reference number is HB047XSI . They'll hold the table for 15 minutes. Do you need anything else?
Thank you. Have a great day, goodbye.
Your car type is the Grey Skoda and its contact number is 07506457479.
Hello, I sent you the car type and contact number earlier. Is there anything else I can help with?
Awesome! Take care and enjoy your evening.
Not a problem. Where would you like to go?
Great, I've got a white lexus picking you up at 04:00, your contact number is 07605710484.
You are welcome. Have a nice time. Good bye.
There are several trains out of Cambridge but i need to know your destination and preferred day and time of departure.
On what day will you be travelling?
I have a train leaving at 9:01 on thursday. Would you like to book that?
Booking was successful, the total fee is 75.09 GBP payable at the station. Your reference number is ZYKE5A4L . Do you need anything else?
Yeah, anytime. I was happy to help.
How many days will you be staying and how many guests?
Booking was successful. Reference number is : CEDNJ89Q . Can I help you with anything else today?
Perfect. Thank you for using the Cambridge TownInfo centre. Have a great day!
What day would you like to leave and is there a particular time you would like to arrive by?
I am sorry there are not trains to arrive at 13.31. The first train leaves at 5:16 and arrives at 6:35. The trains depart every hour.
How many tickets would you like?
The train id is TR0839 and it leave at 11:16 and arrives by 12:35.
The total travel time is 79 minutes.
Have a good day, thanks.
Ok, what is your departure site?
What time would you like to leave?
Alright. I have a black tesla for you and the contact number is 07403696873. Is there anything else you need today?
You're welcome, have a great day
There are 10 hotels that meet those criteria. Is there a particular area in which you'd like to stay?
Yes, many of them do. You have ten options, nine of which are guesthouses.
The allenbell house in centre at postcode cb12de meets all of your criteria.
There are over 287 train routes arriving in Cambridge at that time. What day do you need, and where are you departing from?
There are two trains that fit that criteria. One leaves at 5:17 and the other leaves at 7:17. Can I book one of those for you?
Certainly, so I have booked you on TrainID TR0378, Leaving London Kings Cross at 0517 and arriving at Cambridge at 0608. With a total travel time of 51 minutes.
It's my pleasure. Thank you for allowing me to assist you. Goodbye!
There are several options, do you have a preference with the departure time?
There is a train leaving at 19:17 and arriving at 20:08; does that work for you?
Just to confirm, the booking is for arriving in Cambridge, is that correct?
All set, your tickets are reserved, your confirmation number is U8YYHSLG .
Well, it's in the centre of town. It's cheap, rated 0 stars, has internet and parking. The phone number is 01223327978. The address is 41 warkworth street.
I would be happy to book that for you, how many nights are you staying and what day will you be checking in?
At the moment our system seems to be down. But let me continue trying to get your booking in.
you are very welcome. please hold while i book the reservation
I am very sorry, but the system will not let me book your reservation. I must apologize again on behalf of the Cambridge Towninfo Centre, this doesn't usually happen.
Phone number is 01223327978, area is centre.
I'm glad I could help.
You too! Enjoy your stay!
Yes I have many options. Do you have preference for what part of town you stay in?
The acorn guest house is located in the north area and has free internet and parking. Would you like me to book this for you?
the phone number is 01223315702 and this is address. zipcode-cb12dp 124 tenison road.
What is your departure site and time?
Train TR6799 leaves Cambridge at 13:21 and arrives in Leicester at 15:06, and is 37.80 pounds. Would you like me to book this for you?
I have booked 5 tickets for you, your reference number is BEDWHGFA . Is there anything else I can do for you today?
Thank You for using our service, have we met all of your needs?
You're very welcome, thank you. You have a nice day as well.
And, again, you are welcome.
Yes I can. First please tell me your departure location.
Okay, how about TR5910 that leaves at 05:24?
I booked TR5910. Your reference is XG1TX6Q8 .
Okay. What part of town would you like to visit, and what type of attraction would you like?
Yes you could visit queens college.
I'm sorry, Queen's College isn't in the centre of town. If you'd like, you Can visit Christ's College, they have no entrance fee.
The phone is 01223334900. Need a hotel room?
Is there anything else I can help you find today?
Please don't hesitate to contact us again if you need anything. Thank you for calling. Goodbye.
I have 17 guesthouses and hotels that fit your criteria, do you have a preference for area?
The ashley hotel and the lovell lodge are both in the north and are in the moderate price range with 2 stars.
Booking at the Ashley Hotel was successful. Reference number is : VFGG7DOD . Is there anything else I can help you with?
Glad we could help you.
Sure, I can help you. It is a hotel located in the north and has a moderate price range. It has 2 stars and offers free internet and parking.
it has a postcode of: cb41sr.
Sure, is there a certain type of food you're looking for?
What about the Cotto? It's british food.
I'm sorry I was unable to book that, shall we try another restaurant?
That was a success. Would you like the reference number?
It's AMA9MVKJ. Is there anything else I can help you with?
Have a good day. Thank you for using our service.
Thank you, feel free to contact us for any help.
Certainly! Where are you leaving from?
And what day do you want to travel?
Train number TR1419 leaves at 18:24 and arrives in Cambridge by 18:52. Will that work for you?
Booking was successful, the total fee is 70.7 GBP payable at the station, your reference number is K09T11P8 . Will that be all?
I'd recommend all saints church in the centre. It has free entry. Would you like more information?
welcome and enjoy your stay
There have plenty of trains that leave on Sunday. Where are you departing from or traveling to?
TR8733 leaves at 15:16 and arrives at 16:35, would you like me to book you?
I have booked that train for you! The reference number is 56BJFYC3 . Do you need any further help?
There are 5 restaurants listed. Any preference for price range?
All 5 of those restaurants are expensive. I would recommend the curry king. Could I book you a table?
You are all set for 21:00 on Sunday at Curry King. Your reference number is Z0S2OZ9E . Is there anything else I can help you with?
Thank you for contacting us and have a nice day.
There is none. Is there anything else you'd like to see?
Yes I have many famous colleges to visit and most of them are free. Would you like anything else?
Christ college. What would you like to know?
Absolutely! The address is saint andrew's street. Postal code is cb23bu. Anything else I can help you with?
Certainly! There are many trains from peterborough to cambridge. What day would you like to travel, and do you have a departure or an arrival time preference?
The TR8935 arrives at Cambridge at 8:09. Would you like me to book it for you or would you like more information?
Booking was successful, the total fee is 33 GBP payable at the station. Your reference number is : 6256YEXK . Can I help with anything else today?
I'm glad I could help.
Sure, what type of food are you interested in?
fitzbillies restaurant is an expensive british restaurant in the centre. Can I book that for you?
Yes, the address is 51 Trumpington Street City Centre, postcode cb21rg, phone number is 01223352500, can I help with anything else?
The phone number for the pool is 01223353248. Is there something else I can do for you?
The postcode is cb42xh. I do not the entrance fee.
welcome any time
Have a good day too. Goodbye.
Sure! Hobsons House is a 3-star guesthouse located in the west. It has a moderate price range. Would like to book a room?
Yes, It has free wifi. Can I book a room for you?
Well I have only two hotels matching those criteria. Would you like to book one?
Sure thing I would suggest this fitzbillies restaurant.
sure it is cb21rg, anything else today?
The contact number is 07567170809 and the car type is a black audi.
There seems to be a bit of confusion but if you need us, please contact us.
There are ten Chinese restaurants in the centre. Is there a price range you'd like to stay within?
Jinling Noodle Bar is at 11 Peas Hill City Centre. There phone number is 01223566188. Would you like me to book you there?
The lensfield hotel is an expensive 3-star hotel located in the south withe free wifi and parking. The phone number is 01223355017 and the address is 53-57 lensfield road. Anything else?
How many people will be staying with you?
Yes, where would you like to leave from?
Can you tell me where your destination is going to be for the taxi?
Great, I've booked you a white toyota leaving the lensfield for jinling at 9:15. Your contact number is 07734572228. Is there anything else I can help you with?
Thank you for contacting Cambridge TownInfo centre. I hope you have a pleasant trip! Goodbye!
Why yes, it's a great attraction. It is located at the centre on downing street. The entrance fee for the museum is free.
01223333516 is the phone number, is there anything else I can assist you with today?
OK, what is your travel day, and what time do you need to travel?
TR9776 leaves at 11:09. Does that work for you?
It is 37.80 pounds per ticket.
Great, you're all set. The reference number is TYCA6YZV and total due will be 75.59 GBP. Anything else I can help with?
It's my pleasure. Thank you for allowing me to assist you. Goodbye!
Great, I have several options for you. Is there a particular area you're looking for?
Can we narrow down your search by area?
great, i have 12 options for you to choose from!
Perhaps we can narrow it down. There are guest houses in the north, south, east and west of town. Which area do you prefer?
Hobsons house fits all your criteria, shall I book a room for you?
Sure! What day are you checking in?
Your booking was successful! Your reference number is 3PZWSMZ5 . Is there anything else you need?
There are many restaurants in the city centre. Is there any specific kind of food you would like?
The Yippee noodle bar is located in the centre. Would you like for me to book a table for you?
I was able to book for you. Your reference number is UL1US0KU .
You're welcome, have a great day!
I have two options that are in the north area. How many people would you like to reserve a room for?
They both have free internet and parking and are both in the moderate price range.
I made you a reservation at the ashley hotel your reference number is NC5XPXND .
What is your departure day and time?
Train TR5190 leaves Cambridge at 14:36 and arrives in Norwich at 15:55. Would you like me to book it for you?
Absolutely. The total travel time is 79 minutes. Is there anything else I can help you with?
The departure time is 14:36 from Cambridge.
Your welcome. Have a great day!
Okay, what is your destination?
Great, what day would you like your train for? Also, would you like to leave by a certain time?
No problem , the TR6539 train should arrive by 20:08, would you like to make a booking.
How about TR6539 on Monday? It arrives by 20:08.
This trip is about 28 minutes. Now we can get to finding you a guesthouse. What area would you like me to look for?
There are three moderately priced guesthouses in the east. I would recommend either Carolina Bed and Breakfast or Warkworth House. Would you like me to book one of them?
Im sorry that day is unavailable, would a shorter stay work or any other day or place?
Two nights works! Your reference number is 1V6RIXRJ . Is there anything else I could do for you?
Enjoy your stay!
You're welcome, have a great stay.
Sure, I can help you find a taxi. First I need a specific location the taxi will pick you up at.
What day will you be travelling and is there a certain time you would like to leave?
The first train leaves at 5:21.
i have another train that arrives there at 20:06
The travel time is 105 minutes. Would you like to book this train?
The train ID is TR0677.
Yes, how many tickets will you need?
The departure time of TR0677 is 05:21 arriving in leicester by 07:06. Do you need any further assistance today?
I have many options. What type of food interests you?
Would you like to try cotto?
cotto address is 183 East Road City Centre, postcode cb11bg.
Is there anything else I can help you with today?
thank you for using this service good bye
Finches bed and breakfast is in the west side of town at 144 thornton road, phone 01223276653. Would you like me to book a room for you?
Finches bed and breakfast is a guesthouse, and the price range is cheap. Would you like me to book a room for you?
They do have free parking, yes. Would you like me to book that for you?
There are 1414 trains heading to cambridge do you have some more information to narrow it down?
Alright, you have 13 options. Trains from Peterborough to Cambridge leave twice an hour, starting at 5:19 and running until 11:19. Would you like to book one of these trips?
Certainly. TR0035 leaves at 07:19 and arrives by 08:09. It is 16.50 pounds and the travel time is 50 minutes. Does this work for you?
Okay. I have booked you on that train and your reference number for the journey is 6D90EJTE . Anything else I can help you with today?
Certainly. TR0035 leaves at 07:19 and arrives by 08:09. It is 16.50 pounds and the travel time is 50 minutes. The booking above was for only one ticket. Is that correct?
Thank you for using our service and have a great day?
There are 44 places to choose from do you want the experience to be educational or strictly fun?
Broughton house gallery is a nice museum
The Broughton House Gallery is a museum and the entrance fee is free. Is there anything else I may assist you with?
Yes. The TR7743 gets to Stansted Airport at 18:08, and there are other choices if you'd prefer to travel earlier. Would you like to book some tickets?
That train leaves at 17:40 and costs 10.10 pounds. Would you like me to book it for you?
Okay, the booking was successful, the total fee is 10.1 GBP payable at the station. Your reference number is 11EVSU3I .
you are welcome and thank you for inquiring with us
You're very welcome! Bye now!
The address is lensfield road and the admission is free.
It is a museum. Would you like more information on it?
i sure can! what day are you traveling?
And can you tell me a preferred time to travel and where you will travelling to?
I have 10 trains that match your criteria. What time would you like to leave or arrive by?
There is a train leaving at 9:29 and arriving by 10:07. Would you like me to book that for you?
Booking was successful, the total fee is 10.1 GBP payable at the station . Reference number is : WI8UR8MB .
You're welcome, glad I could help.
Yes,it is listed as an expensive Chinese place in the Centre.
The post code is cb11hr is there anything else you need?
Can I get where you are leaving from?
i can help you with that. do you know what time you want to leave or arrive?
I have train TR2788 leaving at 5:11 and arriving at 5:58. Would you like to book that?
Okay, you're all set with one ticket booked. Reference number C5S02E59 . Can I be of further help?
Please don't apologize. I did not read carefully. Sorry about that. Your new train TR2162 and arrives 14:58. Your reference number is CO4THPM1 .
You're welcome. Have a great day.
There are 2 expensive french restaurants. There's one in the north and one in the centre.
Sure, there is one named Cote. Does that sound good?
The reservation at the Cote on Sunday at 15:45 for 3 people was successful. Your Reference number is : 92Y1R6OL .
how about all saints church? it's free to visit.
I have parkside pools which ic located in gonville place.
I'm sorry. There is no entrance fee listed, however, the phone number is 01223446100 if you'd like to call ahead. Or, I can check another place for you.
Have a great day!
Just to clarify a train from Cambridge, correct? Where will it be to and what date & time?
I have TR2289 leaving at 7:00 and arriving at 7:51. Would you like reservations?
One ticket to London Kings Cross will cost 23.60 pounds. Would you like me to book the ticket for you?
ok, i have 21 options for you! any particular cuisine?
Okay. Pizza Express would suite your needs, would you like me to make you a reservation?
I have you booked for 8 people at 16:15 on Monday. Your reference number is K4PZHB51 .
You're very welcome! Is there anything else I can help you with?
Great! Have a wonderful time!
There are 4 hotels to choose from. I can recommend Finches Bed and Breakfast. It's a cheap 4 star guesthouse. Does that work?
I'm sorry, there are no 0 star guesthouses, would you like to try something else?
El Shaddai fits your needs. Would you like me to reserve a room?
Yes it does. It's cheap and has free parking.
Absolutely. Let me start by asking you what your departure and destination locations will be?
Great! What day and time to you want to travel on?
TR7733 leaves at 17:50. May I book that for you?
The Booking was successful, the total fee is 26.4 GBP payable at the station . Reference number is : TO3Z8A06 .
Can I be of further assistance today?
It was my pleasure! Enjoy your stay!
There are 14 options. Is there an area of the city that you would prefer?
There are two restaurants. The Nirala which is moderate and the royal spice which is cheap.
Restaurant two two is an expensive French restaurant.
Great. Your reference number is L0BPH6QY . Please arrive on time because they will only hold the reservation for 15 minutes. Anything else?
Certainly, what day and departure site would you like to find a train for?
The TR0635 train leaves at 09:29 and arrives at 10:07. Does that work for you?
The travel time is 38 minutes.
Absolutely! Your booking was successful. Would you like the reference number?
Let me give you the reference number 0FE8N2XB for your records. If there is nothing else, then thank you for calling Cambridge TownInfo centre. Good bye.
Where is your destination?
I have the TR1393 that leaves Peterborough for Cambridge at 09:19 on Friday, arriving at 10:09 for 16.50 pounds. Would you like to book this?
I have completed your request. Would you like your reference number?
Your reference number is 2VRQEDHT . There are 2 entertainment venues in the south. Nusha and Tenpin.
nusha: unit g6, cambridge leisure park, clifton road and phone number is 01223902158 tenpin cambridge leisure park, clifton way 08715501010
enjoy your time in Cambridge!
aylesbray lodge guest house is a cheap guesthouse located in the south.
There are no expensive guesthouses in the south area in the expensive price range.
there is one with 4 star and one with 3 star. which do you prefer?
Okay that went well and I have your reservation number which is XIANGG9F .
Where will you be departing from?
I have a few options departing from Leicester to Cambridge. The earliest train leaves at 05:09, the latest will leave at 10:09 and arrive at 11:54, would you like to book?
The travel time is 105 minutes and the I.D. is TR8659.
Thank you for using our service today!
Yes certainly. Where will you be leaving from and at what time of day?
I found multiple options for you. Do you have a preference when it comes to arrival time?
I have the TR1610 leaving at 09:24. Would you like me to book a ticket?
Your booking was successful. You can pay the fee of 40.4 GBP at the station. Your reference number is TCYIATTU . Anything else I can assist you with today?
There are a number of options, but I recommend the free Museum of Classical Archaeology in the west area. Would you like more information about this museum?
The phone number for the Museum of Classical Archaeology is 01223335153.
Please call back if you have additional questions. Thank you for calling! Goodbye.
There are none available at this time.
There are 7 museums in the west. Cambridge and Country Folk Museum charges 3.50 pounds for entry and the rest are free. Would you like the address?
Cambridge and County folk museum is 3.50 pounds for the entrance fee and the postcode is cb30aq.
Were you looking for a particular type of cuisine? There are a few options in the area.
Your booking at the Prezzo was successful. The reference number is OUHSKNG7 . Your table will be reserved for 15 minutes.
Yes, and I booked that for you at the restaurant Prezzo. Are you okay?
Thank you, enjoy the rest of your day.
Okay, I can help with that. Where are you heading to, and departing from.
I have 5 trains that can get you to Ely by 15:45. What time would you like to depart?
The most reasonable train leaves at 13:50 and arrives in Ely at 14:07.
The kymmoy serves asian oriental food. It is located in the centre and in the expensive price range. Is there anything else you need to know?
I have made that reservation and your reference number is I8186TTV .
It was my pleasure to help. Have a good day.
And what day would you like to travel on?
TR2013 leaves at 05:50, should i book it for you?
It will arrive by 06:07. Should I book it for you?
It costs 4.40 pounds. May I book it for you?
It's a 17 minute trip.
Can you confirm the number of train tickets you'd like me to book? Alpha-Milton Guest House is a 3 star moderate with great reviews. What would you like to know about it?
I was unable to book that can I try something else?
Great news! Booking was successful. Reference number is : ATRPJIXK . What else can I do for you?
You're welcome. Enjoy your day.
Yes, it is located at 33-34 Saint Andrews Street cb23ar.
Booking was successful. The table will be reserved for 15 minutes. Reference number is : CGXD71ZM . What else may I help with?
what will be your destination and where are you leaving?
There is a train departing Cambridge for Peterborough at 17:34 on Monday. This would be the earliest train. Shall I book this?
Booking was successful, the total fee is 82.5 GBP payable at the station. Reference number is : 76ZSD1E8 .
You're welcome. Will that be all for today?
Well, you're welcome! You have a good day now!
Where would your destination be?
There are 11 choices that are available. At what time would you like to arrive?
First train leaves at 13:09 and then every hour. Do you want me to book for you?
tickets booked for 151.19 GBP, your ref number is DNL05V8N
always there to help, safe trip!
We have 79 attractions in the area, any preferences on type or location?
i have booked you clare hall
We can cancel that no worries. What type of attraction would you like?
I'd like to suggest Whale of a Time, a wonderful entertainment venue. The phone number is, 01954781018, the address is, unit 8, viking way, bar hill.
I am sorry, there are no 5 star hotels available but may I recommend University Arms Hotel which is 4 stars and located in the centre of town?
Yes, university arms hotel does include internet. Their phone number is 01223351241. Is there anything else I can do for your?
Any time! Let us know if anything else comes up and we'll be happy to help!
What's your destination?
There are several departures to Broxbourne on Wednesday, what time would you like to depart?
Yes I have a train arriving in Broxbourne at 15:01. Will that work?
I do apologize. I have a train leaving Cambridge at 13:01 and it will arrive at your destination of Broxbourne by 14:01. Would you like to book a seat?
Booking was successful, the total fee is 71.59 GBP payable at the station . Reference number is : CPMONUFV . May I be of further assistance?
There are several, I recommend Curry Garden. Would you like me to reserve a table for you there?
Good news - your booking was successful. Your reference number is F71CUM9G . Is there anything else we can help you with today?
Have a great trip.
I hope you have a great trip. Goodbye.
I have 5. How about the curry garden? They serve indian food and is in the expensive price range.
Sure! Their address is 106 Regent Street City Centre and their phone number is 01223302330. Would you like me to book a table for you?
Absolutely. Allenbell is a 4 star guesthouse in the east located at 517a coldham lane that has both internet and parking available.
I'm sorry, that isn't available. Can you book a shorter stay, or possibly a different day of arrival?
Booking was successful. The Reference number is : O5HD5F55
You are very welcome! Have a wonderful day.
I haven't found anything. Are you interested in a specific cuisine?
I have two. Do you prefer the West of town or the Centre?
In the west, I have Sala Thong. It's an expensive place but so worth it. Can I reserve you a table there?
Yes of course their address is 35 Newnham Road Newnham and their phone number is 01223323178.
Okay, I have 4 in the area. Is there a price range you are looking for?
Finches bed and breakfast is available, would you like that?
It has 4 stars and in the west. Would you like me to book it for you?
Booking completed! Booked car type : yellow ford Contact number : 07499977448
Thank you, enjoy your stay!
I've found quite a few. Can you help me narrow it down by telling me where you'll be departing from?
Thank you for confirming that. Also, on what day did you plan to travel?
What fun! There is a train, the TR2755, that leaves Cambridge at 9:40 and arrives at the airport at 10:08. Would you like to book a seat?
Sure, its a cinema of course and their phone is 08712240240 address is the grafton centre, east road. I don't know however if they charge a fee.
Enjoy your visit to cambridge and have a good day.
I can help you with that. First, a few more details. Do you have a particular day and time frame you wish to travel?
There is a train leaving at 09:01 for Birmingham New Street on Monday, would you like me to book that for you?
That would be train TR1162 and the arrival time to Birmingham New Street is 11:44. Would you be needing any tickets?
We have plenty of option. Any place in particular?
There is one hotel that meets your requirements. It is the Express by Holiday Inn Cambridge in the eat part of town. It does have free internet and parking.
Great! You're booked with reference number UJ60O9BF . Is there anything else I can do for you?
I'm happy to help. Have a nice day. Bye.
I can help you with that. What type of attraction are you interested in?
There are several boats in the city. What area are you interested in?
Okay the postcode for camboats is cb58sx.
The TR9582 departs Cambridge at 19:11 and arrives in King's Lynn by 19:58, the price is 7.84 GBP per passenger. You said you'd like to book tickets? For how many?
I have reserved 7 tickets for Sunday departing at 19:11. The total fee is 54.88 GBP payable at the station. Your reference # is 3Y2S1N01 .
It was a pleasure assisting you today. Enjoy your trip. Good-bye.
I have two hotels the ashley hotel and lovell lodge both are moderately priced and offer free parking and free internet.
Not in that part of town. Would you like to try a different part of town?
The lensfield hotel has both free parking and internet it's in the south, would you like me to book it for you?
On what day will you be needing to start your reservation?
I'm unable to book the room without knowing what day you want to check in. Would you like the phone number so you can book it?
The Lensfield Hotel is 3 stars.
The lensfield hotel is a hotel located in the south. It is expensive, and its address is 53-57 lensfield road. The postcode is cb21en. The phone is 01223355017.
Old Schools is a free architecture attraction in the centre. Their address is trinity lane and phone number is 01223332320. Do you need anymore assistance today?
That's the good thing! The entrance is free.
Where is you destination?
The taxi has been booked look for a grey skoda and the contact number is 07851637518.
Thank you for contacting us and have a nice day.
Meghna is located in the west. Their address is 205 Victoria Road Chesterton.
Meghna is moderately priced. May I book a table for you?
Unfortunately, I don't have any multiple sport attractions in the Centre. Are there any other attractions you'd be interested in?
I have the cambridge punter located at 251a chesterton road.
I can not book that they require a phone to schedule. You can call them at 07807718591
Their address is 205 Victoria Road Chesterton. Do you need assistance with anything else?
Sure! The Cambridge Punter is located on 251a Chesterton Road and the phone number is 07807718591. The entrance fee is unknown, but you can call them to find out.
You're welcome, have a great day!
de luca cucina and bar is located at 83 Regent Street.
Yes, I would be happy to book you a table for one at 19:15 on Tuesday. Is there anything else I can help you with?
Your reservation for 19:15 at the De Luca Cucina and Bar and the reference number is VDWC6N50 . Their phone number is, 01223356666. May I help you with anything else?
What area do you prefer for your hotel?
There are no hotels in the north with your criteria. Would you like to try another area?
there are no cheap 4 start hotels in the north. Sorry. Is there anything I can assist you with today?
I don't have any hotels but I do have Worth House which is a cheap 4 star guesthouse in the north part of town with free internet and parking
Your room has been booked, and the reference number is EUKEI4IV . Is there anything else I can help you with?
Have a nice day, goodbye!
There are five places, which type of food do you prefer?
I found five restaurants, what day and time would you like to go?
Okay. I have booked you at Saigon City that is quite elegant and serves Asian cuisine. Your reference number is J8IGNS09 .
Thank you, and would you like the address for the restaurant?
You're welcome! Have a great day! Goodbye.
they are many. what is your price range and prefered side?
I'm sorry, there aren't any hotels that meet your criteria. Would you like to try something else?
That narrows it down to about 7 options. I have 6 moderately priced ones, and 1 cheaper one. Do you have a preference?
Okay, I made you a reservation at the acorn guest house. Your reference number is 5MSB4H92 . Can I do anything else for you today?
I do not have anything matching that criteria. Is there another type of food you would like to try?
What area would you like to be in?
There are 4 indian restaurants that meet your criteria. I would recommend kohinoor. I really enjoy their food.
Sure, what day, time, and number of people would you like to book it for?
I have you booked at mahal of cambridge, the reference number is 4B8HXAF2
Booking completed! Booked car type : black skoda Contact number : 07910219263
you're very welcome!
What day and time do you want to depart?
TR0974 leaves Saturday at 22:09 and arrives in Cambridge at 23:54. Would you like to purchase a ticket?
You are booked for 8 tickets and the total fee is 241.92 GNP at the station. May I help you with anything else today?
Yes, sorry about that! Reference number is 77LJ6TH4 . Can I assist you with anything else today?
The Fitzwilliam Museum is a free museum in the center of town, on Trumpington Street.
I'm sorry. I'm not able to make reservations at a museum.
Its on trumpington street and the post code is cb21rb. Is there anything else I can help you with today?
Thank you for contacting us have a nice day.
What type of food do you want? I have asian and african cuisine
I have four options. Do you want cheap, moderate, or expensively priced?
We have two options - de luca cucina and bar or riverside brasserie. Would you like me to book a reservation at either one?
Booking was unsuccessful. Would another date or time work?
I was able to successfully book you for 18:00. Your reference number is CAOHGDS4 .
TR6488 leave at 09:21 and arrives 49 minutes later at 10:10, the cost is 10.24 pounds, shall I book you?
The train booking was successful. The total fee is 30.72 GBP and you pay that at the station. Your reference number is OPFJG9NC .
Welcome. Have a lovely day.
Pizza Hut Cherry Hinton and Restaurant Alimentum both meet your criteria. Would you like a table at one of these?
Your booking was successful. Reference number 6NOL39Q9 . Can I help you with anything else?
There are 24 guesthouses. Would you like to narrow this down by price range, area, star rating, or amenities?
That narrows it down to 21 places. Is there a price range, area, or star rating you're looking for?
Certainly, acorn guest house, alexander bed and breakfast, allenbell, and archway house are all four star rated.
OK, I've booked you at the allenbell guesthouse 517a coldham lane for three nights starting wednesday for 8 guests. Your reference number is 1E099Y11 . Is there anything else?
Will you be needing further assistance today?
Your welcome! Have a good day! Goodbye.
how about train TR5219? It'll arrive by 06:08
It does not, but there are 7 results with those requests. Do you want to leave at a certain time?
The TR7909 train meets your criteria. Would you like to book tickets?
Okay, your booking was successful. Your reference number is KG7XU3EP . Your total fee is 188.8 GBP which can be paid at the station.
Are you looking for one in a particular area?
Castle Galleries is in that area. Would you like more information about it?
They are at, unit su43, grande arcade, saint andrews street, cb23bj. Good news admission is free. Anything else I can assist with?
I'm sorry, we are unable to do that at this time. Is there anything else I can help you with today?
It was my pleasure. Have a nice day.
There are 79 attractions in Cambridge. Do you have any preferences in terms of type of attraction or area of town?
What area of town would you like to visit this college?
Queens' College is a great college in the west. It is located on Silver Street. Their entrance fee is 2.50 pounds. Is there anything else I can help you with?
What type of food are you looking to eat?
Midsummer House Restaurant is a nice British restaurant, would you like me to book a table for you?
There is no car what are you referring.
We never actually made that restaurant reservation. Do you want to take care of it now? I'll need to know when you want to eat and how many people.
Booking was successful, your reference number is: EBP8RC1V . The table will be reserved for 15 minutes. Would you also like a taxi?
a yellow lexus has been booked for you. the contact is 07695267367
It was my pleasure to help. Good day.
There are four gastropubs in Cambridge. Is there a price range you prefer?
I have the Backstreet Bistro or The Slug and Lettuce. Would you like me to book a reservation at one for you?
I'm sorry, Backstreet Bistro does not have availability at this time. Would you like to book another day or time for your reservation?
You are all set for Friday at 17:45 for 4 people. The reference number is 4IENEDKD . Is there anything else I can help with?
The Cambridge Contemporary Art Museum is on Trinity Street. There are a number of others in the area also. Can I give you any other information?
Yes, this is in the centre area. The phone number is 01223324222. Would you like to know anything else?
I'd be happy to help with that, but first I will need to know which place you're departing from and when you'd like to leave.
Ok, I have your taxi booked from the museum to the restaurant, arriving by 17:45. Anything else I can do for you?
Certainly. It will be a black honda. The contact number is 07091386292. Do you need anything else?
You're welcome. Have a great time!
There are five what area would you like?
clowns cafe is an expensive italian restaurant in centre area. Would you like me to book it for you?
I am sorry but there are no openings at that time. Is there another time that would work for you?
10:45 will work. Your reference number is LY4LLFS1 . Can I help you with anything else?
There are five nightclubs in the centre area, do you have a preference of any kind?
Ballare is available, phone number is 01223364222, it has a 5 pound entrance fee, and is located at heidelberg gardens, lion yard.
Their postcode is cb23na. Is there anything else I can help you with?
You are very welcome. Glad I could help.
Yes! Emmanuel College is on Saint Andrew's Street in the city centre. Entrance is free. Would you like to know anything else about it? Or anything else?
The postcode for Emmanuel College is cb23ap.
I can help you with that. What is your departure location?
What is your departure and arrival location, they cannot both be cambridge.
I have several results. What time would you like to leave?
How about TR7047? It arrives at 17:55?
It is 17.60 pounds.
Thank you for contacting Cambridge TownInfo Centre. Enjoy the rest of the day.
Where would you like to go to?
Do you have a specific time frame in mind?
Train TR0481 is the closest to that, it leaves at 19:11. Should I get you some tickets?
I have a booking for 1, total fee of 9.8 GBP need paid at the station, O2IGKVWR is your reference number.
Let me get some additional information. What area of town would you like to stay in?
That leaves about 11 options. Did you have a preference on area?
How about Archway House? Their number is 01223575314. Can I help you with anything else?
They do have free parking! Do you need to book a room?
The phone number to Archway House is 01223575314. Can I assist you with anything else, today?
I hope you have a great stay. Have a good day.
Have a nice day.
Yes I have found it, it is located at 144 thornton road,would you like to book a room?
Your booking was successful, reference number is 8FNVHB4B . Is there anything else I can assist you with?
kohinoor is located at 74 Mill Road City Centre. Is there anything else?
Booking was successful. The table will be reserved for 15 minutes. Reference number is : ZXODY8ZK . Will you need anything else?
Thank you for choosing Help Desk. Have a great day.
Thanks for you time goodbye.
There is a depature at london kings cross on friday which departs at 7:17.
I have one that arrives at 19:07,would that be alright?
Train ID: TR1395 it an 88 min. ride.
There are 5 parks in town what area are you looking for?
Cambridge university botanic gardens phone number is 01223336265
Is it just you traveling or do you also have guests?
You are booked on TR1395. The confirmation number is RRXHU8AY .
You're welcome have a great day.
university arms hotel is located in the centre, is expensive and has 4 stars.
what about gonville hotel? it's lovely
Booking was successful. Reference number is : CB34K46T
Glad I was able to help. Is there anything else I could help you with today?
It is in the north area address between victoria road and the river, postcode cb43px and phone 01223302579. Despite the name the water is clear blue.
Great, have a lovely day!
Great, I have 21 options for you!
Do you have a type of food in mind or do you want a recommendation?
cotto is my all time favourite. it serves british food. can i reserve for you?
Okay, your reservation number is 7NDO5D43 . The address is 183 East Road City Centre, phone number is 01223302010. You'd like me to look at a hotel as well?
I found Alexander Bed and Breakfast matching your request. Would you like to book a room there?
I've got it booked! 3 people, 5 nights, starting Thursday. Your reference number is WTDG767U . Can I look any other attraction up for you?
Thanks for using our service!
I have 7 moderately priced properties in the north with 4 stars, and 1 cheap one. Do you have a preference for price?
No, I'm sorry, there is not.
Yes, there are 7 properties fitting that description and they are all guesthouses. Would you like to book one?
Avalon is my favorite. When do you want to stay?
Booked! Your reference number is HWZZ651R . Is there anything else you need?
Great. Have a good day. Bye.
Sure thing. What type of information are you looking for?
There are eleven in the centre of town, how about the Castle Galleries?
It is free to enter! Enjoy yourself!
Of course. The postal code is cb23bj, and the phone number is 01223307402. Anything else you need today?
Absolutely! What day will you arrive?
I'm sorry, that isn't available for that stay. Could you arrive a different day, or shorten your stay?
Your stay at leverton house is booked. Your reference number is IALQDGL4 . Is there anything else I can help you with?
I can do that. Where do you want to be picked up, and what time do you need the taxi for?
Look for a black audi, the contact number for the car is 07340911875.
You're very welcome! I hope that you enjoy your stay! Goodbye.
There are 4. Do you want a free entrance or 5 pounds?
Sure. Gallery at Twelve A High Street is located at Fulbourn and its phone number is 01223295264. Would you like information for the other three?
fulbourn cb15dh. Is there anything else I can help you with?
The grafton hotel restaurant is in the east and served high end british food, would you like more information on them?
I have booked your table here is the information:Booking was successful. The table will be reserved for 15 minutes. Reference number is : CYKHQP7B .
Which museum was that?
Booking completed! Booked car type : blue volkswagen Contact number : 07030908834 Can I help you woth anything else?
Wonderful. I will be here if you need anything else. Have a great day.
Is there a specific area your were looking for? I have some available in the centre, north, and east side of town.
The avalon is a nice guesthouse in the north.
Yes it is moderately priced, it is a 4 star hotel with free wifi but no parking. Would you like me to book you a room?
I have booked a room for two at the Avalon beginning on Tuesday for five nights. Your reference number is 2KMVO8NF . Can I help you find anything else in the area?
we have 5. What would you like to know?
saint catharine's college is a nice college in the centre of town with free admission.
There's no entrance fee. It's free! Is there anything else I can help you with?
It is cb21rl. Is there anything else I can do for you?
Your taxi has been booked. It will be a blue Ford and the contact number is 07417187349.
WELCOME AND ENJOY YOUR STAY
Have a good day. We hope to see you again.
The carolina bed and breakfast meets your needs. Would you like to book a room?
How many people will be staying in the room? Also what day and time will this be?
They have book free wifi and parking. They are located at 138 perne road.
I show Pizza Hut Fen Ditton located at Cambridge Retail Park Newmarket Road Fen Ditton in the east. Would you like to book a table?
The postcode for pizza hut fen ditton is cb58wr, phone 01223323737. Can I help you with anything else?
What is the destination after the pick up?
Certainly, Booked car type red volvo, and Contact number 07572429672. Is there anything else I can do for you?.
Thank you for using our service. Have a wonderful day!
Did you have a specific place in mind?
Whale of a time is a great place if you are into entertainment.
It's an softplace area with an aquatic theme. Great for the whole family, especially the younger ones!
pizza express is italian and loated in the centre with moderate pricing telephone # is 01223324033
Thank you and have a wonderful time!
I have a number available to visit. My favorite is Christ's College at Saint Andrew's Street. It's free to get in. Is that okay?
01223334900 is the phone number and it's located in the centre.
Do you have a specific price range?
The bridge guest house is in the moderate price range. Would you like me to book it?
It does have wifi. Would you like to book it?
Yes the parking is free.
The address and postcode is cb28rj 151 hills road.
Your are very welcome. Have a great day.
You're welcome. Goodbye.
I'm sorry, there are no restaurants matching those specifications. Would you like to check a different area of town?
There are 4 that meet your request. 2 are moderately priced and 2 are expensively priced. Does that work for you?
It doesn't look like like any of them have available reservations as that time for that many people. Would you like to look at a different time?
Great your reservation at Curry Prince is set, your reference number is G3GJE7ZP
There are 10 trains from Bishops Stortford that day. Do you have a preferred departure or arrival time?
There is a train departing Bishops Stortford at 05:29 and arriving in Cambridge at 06:07. The cost is 10.10 pounds per ticket. Would like me to book this for you?
Ok, I have booked 8 tickets on train TR8912 for Tuesday. Your reference number is Q0Y74QUR . Is there anything else I can help you with?
Thank you for using our services. Have a wonderful day!
Sure I have 5 guest houses all in the moderate price range. When is your stay?
Yes, actually they all have 4 star ratings, do you need parking?
Kirkwood House is a lovely place I would recommend. What day will you be checking in, how long will you be staying, and how many people will it be for?
Okay, the postcode is cb41da and the phone number is 01223306283.
I have 5 different restaurants I can give you some information for. They are all pretty good.
There are more than five restaurants in cambridge, lol. Disregard my last statement. There are 22 indian restaurants any preference on price or area?
How about the royal spice restaurant or the nirala, which both are located in the north.
The restaurant will hold your table for 15 minutes after your reservation time. Your Reference number is : 2NUA9RGD . Is there anything else I can do for you?
excellent, have a great day!
In which area would you prefer?
Acorn guest house is a guesthouse in the north area with free parking and internet. Would you like to make a reservation?
Fine. Is there anything else I can help with today?
It has 4 star rating and the phone number is 01223353888.
I have many trains going to cambridge. Can you tell me where you are departing from? Also, how many tickets will you need?
There are three trains available. The earliest leaves at 19:35. Would that work for you?
Okay, it's train TR4288 and the duration is 17 minutes. Can I help you with something else?
You are welcome and goodbye.
Sure, what part of town would you like to stay in?
Did you have a price range in mind?
Unfortunately there aren't any hotels that match that description, would be willing to change your specifications?
There are no hotels that meet that critera, would you be interested in a guesthouse perhaps? We have several of those that fit that critera.
There are 6 guesthouses in the east that have 4 stars and free wifi. 3 are moderate in price and 3 are cheap. All but 1 have free parking.
Sure, I just need some more information. When will you be arriving and for how long?
I booked it for a and b guest house. Your reference number is 8K0I474M . Is there anything else I could help you with today?
Where do you want to leave from? Also do you have a preference for an arrival or departure time?
There is a train that arrives at leichester by 20:06. It is TR0776, shall I book this for you?
Booking was successful, the reference number is 7BB9B19A ., the total cost will be 37.80 payable at the station, can I help with anything else.
Is there anything else I can help you with?
Thank you for using our service. Have a good day. Goodbye.
Greetings, What day and time do you need a train for?
There are 15 trains. The earliest leaves at 9:40. Trains are every hour at 40 past after that until 23:40. Would you like to book a seat?
The price for your train is 75.10 pounds. Would you like me to book it for you?
It's a museum located in the centre of town located on gydir street, no. 5 dale's brewery, and admission is free.
Absolutely. Is there anything else I can help you with today?
We are happy to help. Thank you for using our service. Have a great day!
May I suggest Whale of a Time located at Unit 8, viking way, Bar Hill?
It's an entertainment type. I do not know the entrance fee, sorry.
I can do that! Where are you leaving from, and what time would you like to travel?
There are many trains during that time, where are you leaving from?
There are 5 different trains, and the first one later than 15:15 departs Ely at 15:35. How does that sound?
Yes I certainly can. Your reservation number is D48H3C4X .
Of course, is there anything else that I can help you with today?
Thank you for using our system today!
Okay, were you looking for a hotel or a guesthouse?
There are 3 guesthouses on the east side. Would like one with free parking?
i have booked warkworth house and the Reference number is : 93SG6IOJ
There are 110 restaurants in the city, do you know the area you would like to eat in?
Is there a price range you'd prefer?
There are a few moderately priced restaurants on the east side of town. Would you prefer Indian or Italian?
How about curry prince?
I'd be happy to help with that. What day and time would you like the table?
Sure, how many people would you like it booked for?
Your all set, your reference number is 5D033K1E, is there anything else I can help you with?
Great. Your driver will be there in a red Volkswagen to bring you to Curry Prince by 18:30. Their number is 07105624128.
You are very welcome. Enjoy your time in Cambridge!
Golden Wok is in the moderate price range, its address is 191 Histon Road Chesterton, and its business hours are unknown.
Golden Wok is located in the northern part of cambridge. Does that work for you?
There are several trains that leave for Cambridge on Sunday. Is there a particular time you'd like to arrive?
We have one that leaves at 13:17, how many tickets would you like?
Could you please repeat your destination and departure sites for clarification?
You're booked on the train with reference number 1AL2999J . Is there anything else I can help you with?
No, thank you for contacting the Cambridge TownInfo centre! Have a nice day!
finches bed and breakfast is a guesthouse in the cheap range. huntingdon marriott hotel is in the expensive range and the cambridge belfry is a hotel in the cheap range.
They all have free parking and free wifi.
I wasn't able to book any of the 4 star hotels for 3 nights starting Sunday. Can you book on a different day or a shorter stay?
Perfect! You have been booked and your reference number is DQ0XVS0Z .
I can help you with a train as well. When would you like this scheduled for? Where will you be departing and arriving?
What is your destination?
What day would you like to travel?
Booking was successful, the total fee is 37.79 GBP payable at the station . Reference number is : 4GVI1B9L .
You are very welcome! I hope you have a good trip and a wonderful day.
There are several hotels that match that description. What kind of food are you interested in and what is your price range?
Train TR6745 leaves Cambridge on Wednesday at 15:50 and arrives at Ely at 16:07. Would you like to book it?
I was able to book it, reference number is GHNB4F22 .
There are three restaurants that meet your criteria. Do you prefer an expensive or moderate price range?
I can recommend The Hotpot, it is very good. When would you like the reservation to be for?
The booking for 13:15 on Wednesday at The Hotpot was successful. The reference number is YMMR1G9V . Is there anything else I can help you with?
Thank you for using our service. have a good day
You are welcome. Thanks for using Cambridge TownInfo centre.
I'm sorry, there seems to be an error. Could you please restate your request?
OK. I have several trains leaving Cambridge and going to Bishops Stortford on Thursday. Do you have a preferred departure or arrival time?
TR4260 leaves at 09:29. The cost is 10.10 pounds.
Lovell Lodge is a moderately-priced 2-star hotel in the North part of the City. They offer internet and parking. Would you like to book a room?
I don't have a map, but the address is 265 Milton Rd. Their phone number is 01223425478.
You are welcome let me know if you need anything else.
You're very welcome!
I believe there are no restaurants in the area that have what you are looking for.
There are 33 dining options in the Centre. A few of the types are african, British, chinese, european, and many more. Would you like more information on any of these?
Are you sure there is nothing else I can help you with today?
I have four places fitting that criteria. Shall I book one?
Sure thing, I will work on getting this booked for you.
Booking was successful at hk fusion. The table will be reserved for 15 minutes. Reference number is : DJR9YS0Y . Is there anything else I can help you with?
What day will you be traveling?
I have train TR5504 leaving 11:59 and arriving at 13:27 with a travel time of 88 minutes. Should I get you tickets?
Thank you for calling. If you need anything else, please ring us back. Goodbye!
I see one option - Grafton Hotel Restaurant, an expensive restaurant. Would you like the address or to make a reservation?
How many people will there be in your party?
Your table is reserved, reference #TQSYLE3M . For the train, where will you be heading, and what day and time?
the TR1110 could get you there by 20:08. do you want tickets?
You are set, the reference number is G9D4VF1V, your total is 20.02, you will need to pay at the station, any other questions?
Thank you for calling Cambridge TownInfo centre, we were happy to help you explore our city. Have a wonderful day!
I can certainly help with that. Where are you departing from on Saturday?
I have 7 trains available. What time would you like to depart?
I have train TR5863 arriving at 17:07 is that okay for you?
I have 7 seats booked for you on TR5863. The fare is 92.96 GBP payable at the station. Your reference number is BJUFKBWX .
Okay, I see two restaurants in the system, Pizza Express and Pizza Express Fen Ditton. They're both moderately priced Italian restaurants located in the centre of town.
Booking was successful, Pizza Express. The table will be reserved for 15 minutes. Reference number is : O1R61V06 . Is there anything else I can assist you with today?
Not a problem. Enjoy your stay.
Great! Can you please provide where you will be departing from?
I have 42 trains matching your preferences. Is there a specific day and time you would like to leave by?
We have the TR1392 arriving in cambridge at 16:07. How does that sound?
Yes, you're all set! Your reference number is HWXOA2RU . The total fee is 60.59 GBP payable at the station. May I help with anything else?
Yes, Kettle's Yard is in the west area located at castle street. Their phone number is 01223748100.
You're very welcome, have a fantastic day!
I have about 5 great options for you. Do you prefer a certain area in the city?
I am afraid I have nothing available with those specifications. Would you like a different are or a hotel?
Yes, both the Carolina B&B and the Warkworth House are moderately priced guesthouses on the east side. Would you like a room at one of these?
You have a reservation at the carolina bed and breakfast for Tuesday. Your reference number is BOHPJIFE
That was easy. Have a great day. Bye.
According to my search, there are no cheap restaurants serving British food. Would you be interested in another type of cuisine or a different price range?
Is there a certain area you are looking in? There are three cheap chinese restaurants in the centre and one in the south.
The one in the south is The Lucky Star chinese restaurant. They are located at Cambridge Leisure Park Clifton Way Cherry Hinton. Can I reserve you a table?
Your booking was successful. The table will be reserved for 15 minutes. Your reference number is: O41672FV . Is there anything else I can help you with today?
Does the area of town matter to you?
I would suggest Cambridge Artworks. They are located in the east. There is no entrance fee.
Your taxi reservation at 15:15 is confirmed. You will be picked up from cambridge artworks and headed to The Lucky Star. The contact number is: 07322674344
enjoy your time in Cambridge!
Traveling on what day and to where?
Okay, and do you have a preferred time to leave or arrive?
The TR2512 leaves london kings cross at 13:17 and arrives cambridge at 14:08. It's price is 23.60 pounds per person. Shall I book it?
OK, you have 5 tickets reserved on TR2512. Total fee is 118 GBP. Your reference # is LBJRMI8Y . Can I help with anything else today?
You're welcome. Have a lovely trip! Goodbye!
There are 18 colleges in Cambridge. Is there an area of town you'd prefer?
Christ's and Churchill are both free. Clare will cost 2.50 pounds to visit.
Christ's college is on St. Andrew's Street, Churchill is on Storey's Way and Clare's is on Trinity Lane. I found the Royal Standard, would you like a table?
Their phone number is 01223247877. Can I help you with anything else today?
The royal standard is located in the east side of town. Do you need any other information?
Sure. Royal Standard is located in the East part of town and you call them at 01223247877. Do you need a reservation?
OK, is there anything else I can do for you today?
Have a nice day!
There are a number of options in Cambridge. What area would you prefer to stay in? Price range?
Unfortunately I can't find any that are expensive. Let's try a different price range.
How about the Archway House? It's a 4-star moderately priced guesthouse with both free wifi and parking. Would you like to book a room?
How many nights?
Booking was successful! Can I get anything else for you?
Yes, that'll be O6F5S5XY .
You're welcome. Enjoy your day.
Unfortunately, I was unable to find a restaurant in the south that serves international cuisine. Is there another type of cuisine that would interest you?
There is international food in the east and centre of town. The south has many cuisines but no international food.
Taj tandoori is a Indian place that is in the south. The number is 01223412299.
Unfortunately, the time and day you've chosen is unavailable. Would you like to book a different time or day?
Booking was successful for 15:15. The table will be reserved for 15 minutes. Your reference number is XQA73LQL . Anything else?
You're very welcome! Goodbye.
Ok, I have five trains. Any time preference?
I have 3 trains a day that arrive by 10:30. Which day are you looking to travel?
Sure, that would be the TR5219 train. It leaves at 05:17 and arrives by 6:08. Shall I make a booking for you?
The total time traveled on this train is 51 minutes. Would you like me to book it for you?
Three hotels pop up for you - would you like expensive or cheap?
i don't happen to have anything that meets those criteria. is there something else i can look up for you?
No that didn't pull anything up either. Can we change areas?
Would you like to try a hotel on the west side of town?
There are two hotels that meet your needs. I highly suggest the Cambridge Belfry. Yes there is public transportation.
The Cambridge Belfry is located at back lane, cambourne. Can I provide you with any other information?
Have a lovely day, goodbye.
There are 44 attractions in the Centre, do you have a specific type in mind?
all saints church is architecture in the centre. Phone is 01223452587. Adress, post code first: b58bs Jesus lane. Entrance is free
Sure, What stations will you be using?
There are several. Do you have a specific departure and arrival time?
Where are you heading?
I have train TR7961 leaving at 19:29 and arriving at 20:07.
The travel time is 38 minutes.
You are very welcome. Please contact us again if we can be of further assistance. Good-bye.
I'm sorry, I can't find anything like that.
Curry prince is in the east part of town in the moderate price range would you like to try that?
Sure, what day and time?
You are all set, the reference number is Y6L0VIWC, can I help with anything else?
Okay, great. We have a lot of results. Would you like to narrow it down by departure location, day, departure time or arrival time?
I have train TR0916 that will leave at 07:40 and will arrive at the airport at 08:08. Will that work for you?
Booking was successful, the total fee is 10.1 GBP payable at the station . Reference number is : 74NEPLUK . Can I hlep you with anything else?
Ok. Thank you. Goodbye
The cambridge corn exchange is a theatre in the centre area. I would be happy to book tickets for you.
The phone number for the Cambridge Corn Exchange is 01223357851. Is there anything else I can help you with today?
You're welcome, have fun!
I have several and most include free admission. How about Cambridge Artworks?
You'll find Cambridge Artworks at 5 greens road.
I've found one location that matches those criteria, the Royal Standard. Would you like me to book you a table?
The postcode is cb13nl. Is there anything else I can help you with?
Alright, you're all booked. The car is a red Tesla and their contact number is 07885428664.
Thank you for calling. Enjoy your stay.
Unfortunately there are no entertainment venues in centre area. I could recommend The Man on the Moon concert hall, would that interest you?
I have 11 different museums in the city centre. Might I suggest the Scott Polar Museum. They have several new exhibits to see. Would you like more info?
The museum address is lensfield road with a post code of cb21er. May I look up something else?
There are lots of restaurants that fit your criteria. Is there a specific food you'd like?
My recommendation is Curry Garden. It fits all of your criteria.
They are located at 106 Regent Street City Centre.
Sure, when will you need the cab?
All set. A grey lexus, with contact number 07033688153, will pick you up at Curry Garden by 20:00. Can I help you with anything else today?
Thank you for being a customer. Have a good day!
Sure how abou the ashley? They have a 2 star rating and are moderately priced.
How about the University Arms Hotel? They have free wifi as well as free parking.
The phone number is 01223351241 and the postcode is cb21ad. Is there anything else I can help with?
There are 9 Indian restaurants available in the Centre area. Are you interested in a particular price range?
Unfortunately, there are no Indian restaurants in that price range.
I apologize. We in fact have six expensive Indian restaurants in the center. The Curry Garden is a fave, would you like me to see if they have a table available?
I'm sorry, there are no open reservations for that day and time. Would you like to choose a different time or day?
Your booking was successful. The table will be reserved at 17:15, for fifteen minutes. Your reference number is K0SYYYGR . Can I assist you with anything else?
Can you tell me what time you would like to leave or arrive by?
Okay. Your car will be a blue tesla and the contact number is 07334187373
Have a great day!
I found no multiple sports in the centre, do you have another attraction type?
Castle Galleries is in the center. It is very nice..
The castle galleries if located at unit su43, grande arcade, saint andrews street, phone is 01223307402 and postcode is cb23bj. Anything else I can help you with today?
Sure, do you have a price preference?
Clowns Cafe is an expensive Italian restaurant in the same area. Would you like me to make a reservation for you?
You are booked, the reference number is NPFZPXG4, can I help out with anything else?
Enjoy your stay! Let us know if we can be of anymore assistance.
I can assist you with that. What day would you like to leave?
Very well. The earliest train is TR0032, which leaves at 10:09. Is that alright?
TR0032 arrives at 11:54 and costs 37.80 pounds. May I book that for you?
Great, I have booked your ticket, your reference number is : I6NJ8FUB . may I help you with anything else?
You are welcome. Have a nice day. Good bye.
There are 6 guesthouses and 1 hotel that match your request. Would you like to add additional preferences to narrow your search?
I have 3 guesthouses that meet your needs, would you like to book one of them?
Yes, all three have free parking. I personally recommend the Autumn House.
Sure. It's located on 710 Newmarket Road. Anything else?
The Autumn House has 4 stars. Do you want me to book a room for you?
Glad we could help, thank you and goodbye!
There are many colleges. Is there an area of town you are interested in? We also have museums, churches, and others!
christ's college is in the centre and is free. Their phone number is 01223334900.
Would you like your hotel to also be in the centre of town?
The Cambridge Belfry is a nice 4 star hotel with parking, located in Cambourne.
Would you like me to book a reservation for you?
The Cambridge Belfry also includes free wifi. I'd be more than happy to make your reservations, would you like to do so?
What day will you begin your stay?
Booking was successful. Reference number is : 6ELA20CJ . Is it anything I can help you with ?
Enjoy your stay in cambridge.
I have a variety of options located all over town. Would you have a preference on the area or maybe a certain price range you prefer?
Would you care to try the Huntingdon Marriott?
The postcode fot eh Huntingdon Marriott Hotel is pe296fl. Would you like for any other information?
Indeed it does. Enjoy your stay.
Yes, the a and b guest house is a moderately priced 4-star rated property located in east cambridge.
The phone number is 01223315702. Can I get you anything else?
It's located in the east area of town.
Sure where will you be leaving from?
What time schedule do you need to meet? And how many tickets?
The TR1085 meets your criteria. How many tickets would you like?
The travel time is 28 minutes and the departure time is 9:40. Can I help you with anything else today?
You are welcome, enjoy your stay in Cambridge.
Sure. Can I get some more information? Where were you wanting to go to?
Is there a specific time you would like to depart or arrive by?
The train ride is 50 minutes long. TR6310 leaves at 12:34 and arrives at 13:24. Would you like me to book you a ticket?
It is a moderately priced hotel on the north.
The Avalon is a 4 star guest house. The phone number is 01223353071. Would you like me to make a reservation for you today?
You need to tell me how many people are staying at what days.
Is there anything else I can help you with ?
welcome and good day
I'd recommend midsummer house restaurant. It's on Midsummer Common, cb41ha. Would you like a reservation?
There are no German restaurants in that area.
There are several Italian restaurants downtown, would you like me to pick for you?
The stazione restaurant and coffee bar is very classy is that okay?
For sure. The address is Market Hill City Centre, cb23nj. How many people did I need to make the reservation for?
Okay, I can do that. What day would you like it for?
Booking was successful. The table will be reserved for 15 minutes.Reference number is : B7BI0QK1 .
Sure, that is a great 4 star guesthouse at 62 Gilbert Road. Would you like me to make a reservation for you?
I'll need to know the start day, days you plan to stay, and how many people to book for.
Booking was successful. Reference number is : 38F50DTX . Is there anything else I can assist you with?
And you as well. Enjoy your stay in Cambridge.
Alright, there are 18 hotels in the moderate price range. Is there a particular part of Cambridge you would like to stay in?
Are you open to guesthouses? We have several 4-star moderately priced guesthouses. I could recommend Avalon in the north of town.
Okay, I can go ahead and book that for you. I would just need to know the day your checking in, how many nights you need, and also how many people?
The address is 62 Gilbert Road. The Avalon offers free Wifi but is does not have free parking. Is there anything else I can help you with?
I just need your destination and where you are leaving from please.
You have a choice of three trains. One leaves at 19:17, one at 21:17, and one at 23:17. Will any of these three trains work for you?
That train will arrive by 20:08.
You are welcome! Have a nice day.
I do, indeed! It is located in the east, is a 2 star hotel, and has both free internet and parking.
Alright, thank you! Goodbye!
The Warkworth House is a moderately priced 4 star hotel in the east with WiFi and parking. What else do you want to know?
Yes, their phone number is 01223363682. I can help you make a booking if you'd like, or I can help you with anything else.
Let me narrow it down. What is your destination? What time would you like to depart or arrive?
TR6168 runs from cambridge to birmingham new street that day and leaves at 14:01. Does that work for you?
OK, I've booked you on the TR6168 leaving at 14:03 with reference number BQFEHIGK . The fee will be 600.79 at the station. Can I help you with anything else?
Thank you for using Help Desk. Have a great day!
I was unable to find any, do you have another food type you'd like to try?
There are 33 expensive restaurants in the centre area, many cuisines to choose from any preferences?
Yes, there are three, though Eraina is my favorite. Do you need a reservation at this time?
My system is down I will have to process this for you in a minute.
The booking was successful and the reference number is QJ0RW9HD .
I would recommend the cambridge university botanic gardens, which are in the centre of town, they are located on bateman street.
The postcode is cb21jf
That's the centre. Is there anything else I can do for you today?
You are very welcome. I was happy to assist you. Good-bye.
There are 6 hotels on the east side with free parking. Do you have a price preference?
How about the Autumn House, it is a guesthouse that is cheap in the east?
I have made your reservation at the Autumn House. Your reference number is HWVZ52NK . Is there anything else I can help you with?
All right, Enjoy your stay in Cambridge!
I have many options available. What type of attraction do you prefer?
I have two in the centre. Would you like to know anything else about them?
I would recommend the Cambridge Punter. Unfortunately, I don't have the entrance fee information. Their address is 251a Chesterton Road. I can provide you the phone number if you like.
A and b guest house is available would you like to try that?
It is rated 4 stars, is that okay?
There are four of such. Do you have an area preference?
Where will the taxi be taking you? And do you still need a hotel?
I have booked you a room at the Bridge Guest House, located at 151 hills road. Your reference number number is ZKR6W58Z .
Sure thing. Your taxi is booked for a grey lexus. The contact number is 07466656386. Is there anything else I can help with?
Well glad I could be of assistance. Have a nice day.
Thanks for your service, Goodbye
Sure, it is at 156 Chesterton Road, postcode cb41da.
Done. Your reference number is QNVDZ4RT .
Is there anything more I can assist you with today?
What sort of place are you looking for?
I really like gonville and caius college! How does that sound?
It is free to enter. I will need more info for the taxi.
I was able to book that taxi for you. Contact number 07030128018.
it is a blue ford
you are welcome. any time.
Sure! What time will this be for?
You're all set. I've booked a grey BMW for you, and the driver's contact number is 07756316394. What else can I assist you with today?
Glad I could help, if that is all I can do for you, you have a nice day. Goodbye.
There are lots of those! What day are you traveling?
Train 1097 departs Cambridge at 11:34 and arrives in Peterborough at 12:24. How does that sound?
Booking was successful, the total fee is 115.5 GBP payable at the station . Reference number is : F7PLDBGU
I am sorry there are no entertainment option in the center.
There are five nightclubs in the centre of town. I would highly recommend Kambar as it's my favorite! Entrance fee is 5 pounds. Anything else I can do for you?
Address is 1 Wheeler Street. Phone is 01223842725. What else can I do for you?
I'm glad to be of help. Have a nice day.
I'll be going, good bye
Sure, what is the name of this particular restaurant?
No problem! I have your table reserved for 15:00 on Monday. They will hold your table for 15 minutes, your reference number is HVB51VAM .
What are you looking to do? My system has located 10 places.
Yes, the funky fun house is a great place.
No, I'm sorry. You'll have to call them for the entrance fee. The phone number is 01223304705.
Your taxi is booked and will be a white audi. The contact number is 07057575130. How else may I help you?
I hope you enjoy your stay!
Great! Would you be interested in hearing about some attractions in the area?
Where would you be going to? And what day?
There are 10 trains departing Cambridge to Stevenage on Sunday. The first one leaves at 05:21. They run every two hours.
Your booking for 5 tickets on the TR8464 train was successful. The total fee is 51.2 GBP payable at the station. Your reference number is : 9EO2B1AC . Is that all today
What area would you like to be in?
we have quite a few, may I ask when were you planning your stay?
I am not seeing any 2 star guesthouses, something a little better perhaps a 3 or 4 star?
I need to know what area of the city you would prefer to stay in? Centre may garner the best results.
I am not finding anything I am so sorry, something else perhaps?
I have alexander bed and breakfast. When were you planning your stay?
I booked you at alexander bed and breakfast, your confirmation # is PJ2XG4CP . Anything else?
Thanks a lot and enjoy your stay !
THANKS AGAIN HAVE A NICE DAY
There is one arrives at 17:23 and another at 18:23. What day are you traveling?
I have train TR5630 leaving at 15:40 and arriving at 18:23. Would that work for you?
Did you need tickets for that train?
On the south side we have Wandlebury Country Park at Wandlebury ring, gog magog hills, babraham. The admission is free, are you interested?
Yes, Wandlebury Country Park's postcode is cb223ae.
Thank you for using Cambridge TownInfo centre. Please remember us for all of your future travel needs.
I'm sorry, but there are no cinemas in that part of town.
There are 7 museums in the west area. Cambridge and county folk museum is one of them. Would you like information on it? Or I can tell you about some others.
The address for Cambridge and County Folk museum is 2-3 Castle Street.
There are 3 guesthouses and 1 hotel. All offer free wifi. Do you have a preference of the area or type?
Phone number is 01223355159 and the post code is cb30aq. What did you have in mind for the hotel?
Are you sure? The hotel is expensive and the guesthouses are either cheap or moderate price range. I can help you further.
I can suggest the lensfield hotel.
I do apologize, the lensfield hotel is not a guesthouse. If star rating isn't important, may I suggest Bridge Guest House? They are fantastic.
How many days will you be staying at the hotel?
Your reference number is P3PEZYWQ .
Nice where from, and what is your destination request?
Your taxi has been booked! It will be a Black Ford and contact number is: 07124284488.
Ok, what time do you want to be picked up?
Your booking is complete. A black skoda will be picking you up.
The contact number is 07334842640. Can I help with anything else?
Have a great day!
There's a low priced restaurant on the north side serving Indian food called Royal Spice. I can give you their address and telephone if that sounds appealing.
I did not find nay greek restaurants in the north area. Do you have another area or cuisine in mind?
I found da vinci pizzeria, they are located on 20 Milton Road Chesterton and their number is 01223351707.
Yes it is. Did you want to book it today?
Sure, it is located at 20 Milton Road in Chesterton. The postcode is cb41jy. Do you need a reservation?
Would you like a certain area or do you have a price range in mind?
Did you have a price range?
Acorn guest house seems to fit your needs. Would you like more information?
They have both free parking and free internet access.
Sure what day did you want the 5 nights to start?
The hotel isn't able to accommodate that stay. Could you do it another day?
I have you booked for 4 nights, and your reference number is ACO29HVU .
No problem, your car (a black skoda) has been booked to leave acorn at 15:30 and head to da vinci pizza. Their contact number is 07781215945 if you need to call.
Is there anything else I can help you with?
You're welcome. Have a good day.
I have eight hotels matching that description. Which part of town could you prefer?
I have found two listings that match your criteria -one in the northern part of town and one in the southern part. Which would suit you best?
Alexander Bed and Breakfast is a 4 star guesthouse in the centre with free parking and internet. Would that work?
Certainly, may I have your day or arrival and the number of days you will be staying?
Great! You're booked with reference N4FFB16Z . May I help you with anything else?
We've got quite a few options, where will you be traveling to and when would you like to arrive?
TrainID TR1356 leaves Leicester to Cambridge at 22:09 on Friday, does that work for you?
OK, I have booked 7 tickets. You will arrive at 23:54. Your reference number is PW31BAZV .
Glad I could be of assistance, have a good day!
On what day do you wish to travel?
TR1766. It is going to take 163 minutes. can i book it for you?
I have you booked on TR1766 leaving Cambridge at 18:01 arriving Birmingham New Street at 20:44. Your reference number is 6L0MANZV . Can I help with anything else?
I have many options for you. They are all in the city center. Do you have any other preferences?
There are four in the centre area and one in the west. Do you have a preference between the areas?
restaurant one seven suits your needs. Can I make a booking for you?
You are all set, the reference number is LQ7CA2W8, can I assist with anything else?
Good bye, have a great day.
Sure thing, do you have an area you're looking to stay at?
I'd suggest kirkwood house on 172 chesterton road. Would you like me to book a room?
Kirkwood house is in the north part of town at 172 chesterton road, their phone number is 01223306283. Do you need anything else?
I was able to book the room your reference number is DIGCO8LT . Is there anything else I can help you with?
Thanks for letting me help you today. Have a great trip!
Its an expensive indian resturant in the east. Phone number 01223577786. The address is Newmarket Road Fen Dittion. Would you like a reservation?
I have booked a table at Pipasha. Your reference number is PNSOQSVP . Can I be of further assistance?
Yes, I've booked a taxi for you, a black honda will be waiting to pick you up before 11:30, call it at 07651690820 if you have any further questions.
you are welcome. enjoy your day.
What type of food do you prefer?
I'm not finding Hungarian restaurants in the centre of Cambridge. Would you like to try another area or another type of cuisine?
No French restaurants either. Perhaps in a different area?
Actually, there is a French restaurant in the centre part of town. The Cote restaurant serves French food and is the expensive price range. Would you like to book a table?
Sure, their phone number is 01223311053. Is there anything else I can assist you with today?
On what day and time could you like to travel?
The TR7360 train arrives at Cambridge at 8:52 on Monday. Would you like to purchase tickets on this train?
All set. Your reference is TVLEP11V and 20.2 GBP is payable at the station. Is there anything else I can help you with today?
you are welcome any time you need our help
Have a great day! Good-bye.
There are 133 trains. Where will you be leaving from?
And what day and time would you like to travel?
TR1085 departs at 09:40 and arrives by 10:08. Would you like a ticket?
the lovell lodge is a moderate price in the north with free wifi. Would you like for me to book a room.
This is a hotel.
Your hotel at the Lovell Lodge is booked for 4 people and 3 nights, the reference number is LEC7DOND . Is there anything else I can help with?
Thank you and Good bye.
What day and time would you like to travel?
I have 7 trains available. The first leaving at 17:32 and every hour following. Would you like me to book one for you?
I have made a reservation for you. Your reservation number is 8TTXCT27 . The ticket will be 17.90 pounds.
Would you like me to book it for you?
Can you confirm the day and how many nights you would like?
OK, I've got you booked with reference number JX9V7T2T . Can I help you with anything else?
Thank you for using our service. Goodbye!
There is a funky fun house and cherry hinton hall and grounds. Both are in the east. Are you interested in either of these?
funky fun house's postcode is cb58hy
Sure. If you could give me a few more details such as departure time and destination, I can help you out.
The TR9678 should suit your needs. It leaves Cambridge at 05:01 and arrives Birmingham at 07:44. Would you like to book a seat on this train, or keep looking?
I would be happy to keep looking for you! Before I do, can you please confirm the departure location for your travels?
TR2716 departs at 13:01 and arrives at 15:44. May i book that for you?
Your reservation is confirmed. Your confirmation number is 6X3BLZGG . Is there anything else I can help you with?
And thank you! Have a wonderful day!
At the train station of course, what date and time would you need to leave?
There are trains leaving Thursday every 2 hours starting at 5:00. What time would you like to travel?
Booking was successful, the total fee is 94.4 GBP payable at the station. The Reference number is Z3A3OC9D . Arrival time is 11:51.
Sure, there are a few options in the north. Would you be interested in a boat, park, or swimming pool?
Jesus green outdoor pool is a great place to visit in the north. Do you need anymore information?
It is located between Victoria Road and the river, postcode cb43px. You can call them at 01223302579.
Happy to be of service. Enjoy your time in Cambridge!
Sure. Kings College is located in the centre area. Their phone number is 01223331100. Is there any other information I can look up for you?
I can also book you a restaurant in the area, if you wish. I can also give you train information for your arrival or departure. Is there anything else?
Sure trains leave today, friday starting at 05:59 and the last train leaves at 13:59 and every 2 hours in between
Sure, trains on Tuesday run from 05:59 to 23:59, what time would you like to book?
TR3892 will arrive by that time.
I apologize for the confusion, it is TR4259 that will arrive at london liverpool street by 09:27 on Tuesday, does this suit you to book?
I have 3 seats booked on TR4259 departing Cambridge for London Liverpool Street on Tuesday at 05:59, reference is 4B1VIZE1 . Is there anything more today?
You are very welcome. I am happy I could assist.
There are quite a few options. Do you have a preference for the area?
The Ugly Duckling located in the centre has great food and is very popular. Would you like me to make you a reservation?
Ugly Duckling's postcode is cb21tw. Can I book a table for you?
Thank you , have a great time.
Yes I can tell you it's located on the west side and the admission is free and give you them her ID and telephone number.
Kettle's Yard is a museum on the west side. Would you like anything other information today?
I'm sorry. I don't have the schedule, but I will provide a phone number so you can call to confirm their hours of operation. The number is 01223748100.
Sure. We have several options available. Where will you be departing from?
Yes I have several entries arriving by that time. What is your departure site and preferred day and time of departure?
What time would you like to leave by?
I booked train TR7169 for 7 tickets. The price will be 70.7 GBP which is payable at the station. The Train leaves at 9:29 and arrives by 10:07. Ref. VU01LYC5
Thank you very much. Enjoy your trip.
There are many options available to you. What destination did you have in mind?
We have many options available to you. Is there a certain time you are wanting to leave?
How about leaving at 9:35?
It is a 17 minute train ride. Would you like me to book that for you?
Restaurant alimentum located at 152-154 Hills Road meets that critera. Would you like me to make you a reservation?
The address is 152 - 154 Hills Road. How else may I help you?
You're welcome, you too.
Unfortunately, there are no expensive Panasian restuarants nearby.
I'm sorry but I can't find any Panasian restaurants.
There are no expensive Italian restaurants in that area.
Caffe Uno is an expensive Italian restaurant in the centre. It can be located at 32 Bridge Street City Centre and the phone number is 01223448620.
Do you need anything else today?
Yes, it's cb21uj.
I'm glad I could help you today.
Yes, there are three! How about Ashley Hotel?
Yes, the Ashley offers both free wifi and free parking. Would you like to make a reservation?
That booking was unsuccessful. Would you like to try a different day, or a different length of stay?
Would you like to try Express by Holiday Inn or Lovell Lodge?
Booking was unsuccessful. Do you want to change the preferences?
We have three, what area of town would you like?
Alright, you have a reservation at the ashley hotel. The reference number is O1T3GRKQ . Can I help you find anything else?
Have a pleasant stay. Good bye.
There are 21 different options. Did you prefer a certain type of food?
Booking was unsuccessful. Would you like to try for another day or time slot?
Your reservation at yippee noodle bar is all set, reference number is K3MQVQ4N
I have 259 trains departing cambridge. Could you be more specific on your destination and what day you'd like to leave on?
I have two trains meeting your criteria. One leaves at 21:29 and the other at 23:29. Would you like me to book either one of those for you?
Great! You're booked with reference number NHA8SEGI . The total fee is 56.56 GBP payable at the station. Anything else?
You are welcome. Have a good day now.
I have a couple of swimming pools, a boat area, and a park that fit your description. Do you want any more information on any of these 3?
There are two swimming pools but i will recommend the jesus green outdoor pool to you. The Zip code is cb43px. Is there another thing i can help you with?
There are 33 places that fit that criteria. What price range would you like?
11 places have free parking, any other preferences?
The acorn guest house you be just perfect for you. Shall I book it ?
I was able to book it, the reference number is GB5F6801
Okay, where is the departure and destination please?
A red Ford will pick you up at the Acorn at 15:30 and take you to the pool. Contact number is 07688317970. Can I help with anything else?
You're welcome. Have a great day.
I'll be going now, good bye.
I have about 5 different expensive hotels. Do you prefer a certain area of town?
All 5 of the expensive hotels in have free wifi. Are you looking for any star rating, to help narrow the search?
I hear the Huntingdon Marriott Hotel is nice. Would you like to try booking there?
Sorry, that's not available. Could you pick another day, time, or stay length?
There is gonville hotel. Would you like to try that one?
Nope, sorry, unsuccessful. Would you like to try the lensfield hotel?
Sorry, the Lensfield booking was unavailable, as well. May I help find something else?
Good news. I checked again at the Huntingdon Marriott, and they were able to accommodate your party. Your reference number is 1H7F4GBJ .
Glad to help. Bye.
I would be happy to help you with that! What day are you planning to travel?
Okay I have 19 trains that leave Wednesday, do you have a specific time you want to leave or arrive by?
I have 5 options for you. The latest to arrive would get you there at 09:52. Would that work for you?
I've booked that train for you with two tickets. The reference number is XQT4GU6F . I will look up sports attractions for you next.
The Cherry Hinton Village Centre has multiple sports and is in the east part of town. Would you like more information about this place?
There are a lot of them in the center. Is there a particular one you would like?
I'm sorry, I don't have information on whether or not children are admitted. All museums are free, would you like the Williams Art and Antiques museum?
The postcode is cb12lj.
There is no entrance fee to Williams Art and Antiques. It is a beautiful, free museum. Is there anything else I can help you with?
The postcode is cb12lj. Is there anything else I can assist you with?
I'm glad I could help. Let us know if you ever need anything else.
Sure! What time do you want to arrive by?
I'd be happy to help! Where are you coming from?
I've booked a taxi for you. Here is the information: Booked car type : white volkswagen Contact number : 07702911912
I found 5 places, university arms hotel has good ratings
I couldn't find any expensive guest houses. Perhaps a different price range or another style of hotel?
I have both moderate guesthouses and hotels across the city. Do you have an area preference?
I have 3 guesthouse matching your description. One has no parking. I can book you at the carolina bed and breakfast if you would like.
OK, to book a room I need to know your arrival day, the number of nights you're staying, and how many people are in your party.
Sure, can I just make sure you want a moderate guesthouse, East part of town, free internet, for 5 days starting on Friday?
Yes. I have 3 guesthouses on the east part of town. A&B has no parking. Carolina B&B and Warkworth do provide free parking.
Sounds good. Please let me know if you need anything else. Goodbye.
Alright. I will just need to know what time you'd like to arrive there or when you prefer to leave
Not a problem - where should I have the car pick you up?
I have booked a red Audi for you. The contact number is 07354896778.
You're welcome. Thank you for using our service.
We have 5 places to pick from any other preferences?
I have five, four of them have free entrance and one with 2 pounds fees. Do you want all the phone numbers?
I'll give you the phone number for all saints church. It is 01223452587.
No we don't book tickets for the attractions from here, but they don't charge a fee; anyone can go in for free. Can I help you with anything else?
Reference number is : LBMYIYTI . Is there anything else I can do for you ?
Here you go university arms hotel
You are welcome. Can I help you with any other information today?
What destination would you like your taxi to take you to?
You're booked! You'll leave the University Arms Hotel at 11:15 via your taxi which is a blue Lexus. Your contact number is 07711527170.
No problem, were always here to help. Have a great day!
Unfortunately, there is not located in the centre of town. Do you have another food preference, or location that may work?
Why yes I found 3 as a matter of fact. All located in the centre of town. Can I reserve a table for you?
That would be meze bar restaurant. The address is 196 Mill Road City Centre. Would you like me to book you a table?
I sure can. Will you be dining alone or with a group?
It's an expensive restaurant, is there anything else you need?
I recommend Broughton House Gallery. It's the only museum in the Center and it's free to enter. Does that sound good to you?
The gallery is located at 98 king street with a postcode of cb11ln. Can I help you with anything else?
Your taxi is booked and will pick you up at the restaurant at 0700. It is a grey skoda, contact number 07802610885. Anything I can help you with today?
It was a pleasure. Have a wonderful day. Goodbye.
Addenbrookes Hospital Telephone : 01223245151 Address : Hills Rd, Cambridge Postcode : CB20QQ Do you need a taxi to get there?
Cotto would fit your needs perfectly. Their postcode is CB11BG. Can I help you with anything else?
Adc theatre is nearby. it is in park street
Of course! The address is Park Street. The phone number is 01223300085. Can I help you with anything else?
Thank you! Have a great day!
Where are you wanting the taxi to take you?
It's a black Volvo, the contact number is 0 7 4 6 2 8 4 7 7 3 5. That's 0 7 4 6 2 8 1 4 4 3 5.
Yes, that booking has been completed. Is there anything else I can help with?
Well, that depends on traffic, of course, but you'll definitely be picked up by 17:15. Can I help with anything else today?
Thank you for using our service.
What type of food would you like?
We need some more information. Where are looking to eat?
No, I did not find any restaurants in the centre.
I'm sorry but I don't have any belgian places in the centre. Can I try a different area?
There are two Turkish restaurants in the centre of town. They are Efe's restaurant and Anatolia.
I'm sorry, it looks like they are both booked during yoir preferred time and day. Would you like to try something else?
Booking was successful at efes restaurant. The table will be reserved for 15 minutes. Reference number is : QXZ05J29 .
Have a nice day
Thank you. I hope you enjoy your meal.
Where will you be leaving from?
What time would you like to depart or arrive at the destination?
TR1688 leaves at 13:17. Do you want to book?
I made those reservations for you. The reference number is 8GTTH4FF .
Found it! It's in the south with free wifi and free parking. Would you like me to book it for you?
Is there anything else I can help you with?
Absolutely, your reference number is 54V4V1BM .
Thank you for contacting us, let us know if we can assist you any further. Have a great day!
I have 19 trains departing on tuesday from leicester, I can narrow it down a bit if you have a preferred time to leave at or arrive by.
I have many available. Is your destination Cambridge or do you have another location in mind?
The first available train leaving after 11:15 would be train TR4354 which departs at 12:09 and arrives at 13:54. Would you like me to book you a ticket for this train?
Perfect. I was able to book for tickets on that train and your reference number for the journey is PLYNP1VG . Anything else I can help you with?
Okay enjoy your visit.
Sure! They offer cheap guesthouses and are very affordable. They have a 4 star rating and offer free wifi and parking. Phone is 01223210353
I'm sorry, the Allenbell could not accommodate that particular reservation. Would you like to try for a different day, or a shorter stay?
I was able to book your stay at the Allenbell beginning on Monday for 4 nights for 7 people. Your reservation number is 77VG1S1I . Anything else I can help with?
There are 14 indian restaurants matching your criteria. Do you have a preference in the area?
I have curry garden located in cetre and is considered expensive. Would you like to make reservation for this?
Thank you, I was able to book you. The table will be reserved for 15 minutes. The reference number is UJGPPFRV .
Have a great day! Thank you!
Yes! What part of town would you like to stay in?
There is no match for your criteria, Would you like to try again?
I'd recommend bridge guest house in the north. Would you like to book a room?
For how many people and nights do you need the room?
Great your booking was successful and your reservation number is 4DHJ0F6T .
On which day would you like to travel?
TR7666 will arrive at 10:07
Booking was successful, the total fee is 30.29 GBP payable at the station . Reference number is : 5BACKHF8 . Can I help you with anything else?
I was happy to assist let me know if you need anything else.
Thank you for your call. Please reach out if you need anything else in the future. Have a great trip. Goodbye!
There are many that leave cambridge and go to stansted airport; what day would you like to leave and what time?
I have train TR2755 that will leave at 09:40 and put you at the airport by 10:08. Would that work for you? If not, I have later trains.
Would you like me to book this train for you?
Your reference number is UKOTND0A . Would you like anything else today?
I have 29 places to stay with free parking. Is there a price range you'd like to stay in?
There are 8 hotels that match that description. Did you have a price range or area in mind?
which side of town are you ok with?
i would recommend the lovell lodge. it's moderately priced with 2 stars and has free parking and wifi. would you like to reserve a room?
You got it! The reference number for your booking is OLI76P7N
Please contact us again in the future. Goodbye.
The Sala Thong serves Thai food. It is expensive but good. Can I reserve a table for you?
What day, time, and party size do you need?
The address is 35 Newnham Road Newnham, phone number is 01223323178, and finally their postcode is cb39ey. Is there anything else I can help with?
Are there any other tasks you need help with?
Ok. Thank you.
There are 6 trains leaving for cambridge from leicester on sunday after 17:45. Are you looking to arrive at a specific time?
The earliest departing leicester is TR9320, which will depart at 18:09 and arrive at 19:54. Would you like to book a ticket for this train?
How many people do you want to book for your train? I have found 8 hotels that meet your criteria. Do you have a preference on location?
I booked you on TR9320. Your total will be 30.24 GBP payable at the station. There are three hotels that meet your needs, would you like to book one?
The Allenbell is a guesthouse located at 517a Coldham Lane. How many days would you like me to book your stay for?
OK, is there anything else I can help you with?
Okay great. Thank you for calling today.
Pembroke is located the in centre area, they have free admission, anything else that I can help with?
It is located in the centre of town and the phone number is 01223338100.
Unfortunately, we don't happen to have any places that serve unusual food in Cambridge. Would there be another type of cuisine you'd be interested in?
Curry Garden serves Indian food in the centre and is in the expensive price range. Would you like to make a booking?
Ok, you're all set. Your reference number is : CUHVEUDG . Is there anything else I can help you with?
Where will you be departing from to get to the restaurant?
I booked you a black ford and the contact number for it is 07840878878. Would you like me to help you with anything else today?
Ok! Have a great day!
I sure can! What area and price range are you looking for?
How does the express by holiday inn cambridge sound? It has free wifi and parking available. I'd be happy to book a room for you if you'd like.
I can absolutely do that for you! What day would you like me to book for?
How many people will be staying?
Your reference number is FIYHHU9L . Is there anything else I can help you with?
I have 5 to choose from. Would you prefer centre, west, or north area?
No eastern European. I found a British restaurant, Grafton hotel restaurant. Shall I book, and for how many people?
Okay, I'll get that booked for you. Can you tell me the day and time you'd like to dine?
You bet! Their phone number is 01223241387
You're welcome. Glad I could help.
What location and time would you like to get the taxi for?
I need more information about your location. What is your exact departure site and what is your destination?
We have many colleges, is there are particular part of town you are interested in?
Okay Christ's College is free and is in the centre. The address is Saint Andrew's Street and post code is cb23bu.
cityroomz would suit your needs. Would you like me to book it for you?
Okay, you've got it. I booked successfully for you, and the ref. number is 103OAAXG
Can I look up anything else for you?
Do you want the taxi taking you from the hotel or to the hotel? What time do you wish to arrive or depart?
Where are you looking to travel?
Booking completed! Booked car type white bmw. Contact number is 07232889421. is there something else i could help you with?
You're welcome, let me know if I can assist with anything else.
There are 1414 trains, what destination do you have in mind?
What day did you have in mind?
I've booked 8 tickets for you on the train arriving at 21:01. Your reference number is 4N4R9KBI . Can I help you with anything else today?
They are located at 5 greens road
The postcode is cb13ef and the phone number is 01223902168.
You're welcome, have a lovely day!
What destination do you have in mind?
I have the TR8364 leaving Cambridge to Kings Lynn on Saturday at 16:11. Would you like me to book that for you and if so how many tickets?
No, your credit card is not necessary. You're all set, that will be 7.84 GBP payable at the station. Your reference number is 08NB7V7G . Is there anything else needed?
There are many different attractions available. Some include cinema, touring architecture, and visiting the park. Is there anything particular you are looking to do?
There are two parks in the south. Sheep's green and lammas land park fen causeway and wandlebury country park. Both of these are free
Sure, Sheep's Green and Lammas Land Park's number is 01223302580 and Wandlebury Country Park can be reached at 01223243830. Need any more help?
The travel time is 47 minutes.
Thanks for using our system!
What area would you like to catch a train and what day would you like to leave?
There is a train leaving at 19:00 and arriving at kings cross at 19:51 would you like me to book it for you?
It's 23.60 pounds.
I just want to make sure you didn't want me to book that train for you? And what type of food are you looking for?
Then how about bedouin an african restaurant on 100 Mill Road City Centre?
yes, it's an expensive restaurant.
You're very welcome. have a good visit.
Are you looking for the platform the train departs from?
I have one on Monday that arrives at 12:52
The latest arrival I have is 12:15. Will that work?
It will take 28 minutes. Do you need to make a booking:?
There is plenty of entertainment available. Is there a certain area you are interested in?
I recommend the Funky Fun House located in the east. Is this acceptable?
The entrance fee is no currently listed, but here is the phone number if you want to call and check on that 0123304705
You are welcome. It was a pleasure assisting you today. Goodbye
Great! What can I help you with today?
please specify the time for departure
TR9839 departs Cambridge at 15:21 and arrives in Leicester at 17:06. It's a long trip, so load a movie on your tablet!
The ticket is priced at 37.80 pounds.
I am not sure if you are referring to a place to stay or an attraction, can you be more specific please?
I'm sorry. I'm not finding any attractions that meet your criteria. Would you like to try a different location?
There are 4 results for museums in the east. One is gallery at twelve a high street located at fulbourn with free entrance. Would you like more info on the others?
Cambridge Artworks, the Gallery, and Saint Barnabas are free, and the Cambridge Museum of Technology costs 5 Pounds for admission. Which would you like the address for?
can get you the address?
The address for Cambridge Artworks is 5 Greens Road with post code cb13ef. Can I help you with anything else?
You are welcome, hope your stay in cambridge is memorable.
Acorn guest house is nearby and provides free parking. What are the days of your stay?
Acorn Guest House seems to be a good option. Alexander Bed and Breakfast also has parking but is in the town centre. Would you prefer one of those?
I think acorn guest house is a good match for you!
Acorn guest house has a 4-star rating and is in the north. Do you want me too book it for you?
You are welcome. Please call back if you need any more help or if you want me to book it for you.
Glad I could help. Please let us know if you need help in the future.
I have a train from liverpool street arriving in Cambridge on Friday, it would arrive a little early at 15:07. Does this work for you?
Alright I found five. When would you like to leave by?
Certainly, the departure times are 05:29, 07:29, 09:29, 11:29, 13:29
I'm sorry, did you want me to book the train for you?
I don't have any listings for expensive guesthouses. There are several 4 star that are moderately priced. Will that work?
I have 5 guesthouses in the centre, east and west. What area do you prefer?
The Alexander Bed and Breakfast is in the Centre.
I'm happy to help. Thanks for using our service. Goodbye.
Sure, what area are you thinking of staying?
I'll recommend Hamilton Lodge. Their phone number is 01223365664
Sure I can. How many people in your party and for how many nights?
fantastic, do you know your travel times?
There is a train that leaves at 10:11. Would you be interested in more information or would you like to book it now?
Your booking was successful. Your reference number is 5RLFJOGZ in case you need it. Is there anything else I can help you with?
Thanks for letting us assist you today!
I have several options for you. The yu garden is in the east area, I can book a reservation for you, how many people will be dining?
Churchill College is in the west and it's free to enter. Did you need any specific information about this college?
The phone number is 01223336233.
There are a number of inexpensive options in that area. I can give you some information if you let me know what type of food you'd like.
I would recommend the Dojo Noodle Bar, located at 40210 Millers Yard City Centre.
Your booking was successful. Your reference number is PD3WTNI4 . Is there anything else I can do for you?
Well thank you. It has been a pleasure to assist you today. Have a wonderful day. Goodbye.
I have 202 trains departing from Cambridge. Where are you headed and when do you need to arrive?
TR9291 leaves at 14:01, shall I book you?
I successfully booked you on the TR9291. Your reference is WGWRLL09 and the total fee of 42.96 is payable at the station. Is there anything else I can help you with?
We have many restaurants to choose from. Do you prefer a certain type of food?
I'm sorry, but there are no exclusively vegetarian restaurants anywhere in Cambridge. You may want to try one of our many fine Indian restaurants, as they'll have vegetarian dishes.
We have lots of indian places. Is there a part of town you prefer?
Curry garden is in the centre of town if that works for you?
The postcode of curry garden is cb21dp.
have a nice day, goodbye!
There are 29 hotels that meet that criteria. Are you looking for a hotel in a specific part of town?
How about the Acorn Guest House? It is 4 stars, has free internet and parking; and is moderately priced.
Alright, you're all set up. Your reference number is : 2CQEHZAI . Is there anything else I can help you with?
There are 18 colleges, I'd recommend King's College with a free admission fee.
The phone number is 01223331100 and the address is king's parade. Is there anything else I can help you with today?
Before we go is there anything else I can do for you today?
You're welcome. Goodbye.
Rosa's Bed and Breakfast is a 4 star guesthouse in the south and offers free parking and internet. Would you like a reservation?
Yes, it is.
Okay, your reservation has been made. Your reference number is N18EAXT2 . Is there anything else I can help you with?
Where will you be departing from and what time do you want to arrive on Friday?
I have a TR6359 that leaves at 13:40 on Friday. Would that be okay for you? Or, I do have later trains if you wish?
I will gladly book that for you now.
Your reference number is 7LTOLNV4 . The total fee of 600.79 is payable at the station.
Okay, enjoy the rest of your day, goodbye.
I have gourmet burger kitchen, it's an expensive north american food restaurant. Would you like to book a table?
Yes, gourmet burger kitchen is in the centre of town. Would you like to book it?
Sounds great! Is there anything else I can assist you with?
It's my pleasure. Have a lovely day! Bye!
I need to know then how big is your party and exact time?
sorry but booking was unsuccessful, what about another time?
hmm that was also unsuccessful, does different time work for you?
I booked for you ugly duckling at 18:00, your ref number is IKXBXWEO
always there for you! have a nice dinner!
I have museums, boating on the Cam, a swimming pool and more. Anything special you are looking for?
There are no pools in this area.
Yes, I recommend Cambridge Artworks. Their phone number is 01223902168 and post code is cb13ef.
Unfortunately, we do not have any restaurants in the city that serve venetian food. Is there another type of food you might be interested in?
There are two indian restaurants in the east: the curry prince and the rajmahal. I suggest the curry prince. Would you like me to make a booking?
Yes, of course how many in your party
I was able to book it, reference number is M0P9XXNZ .
You're welcome, Have a great day.
There are several restaurants in that area. Would you like British, Asian, European, Italian or something different?
OK, you have a table for 1 at the Yippee Noodle Bar, reference #ZPLBJMPS . Can I help you with anything else today?
Where are you traveling from?
TR0357 departs cambridge on saturday at 09:39 and arrives in london liverpool street at 11:07. The cost is 13.28 pounds. Would you like me to book it for you?
Booking was successful, the total fee is 13.28 GBP payable at the station . Reference number is : PAS4PPKO . What else can I help you with today?
You're very welcome. Enjoy your trip. Good-bye.
The only Thai restaurant located in Centre Cambridge is Bangkok City. Would you like the address?
Bangkok City's address is 24 Green Street City Centre, postcode cb23jx, phone number 01223354382. Can I help you with anything else?
There are many trains that run on Tuesday, can you give me departure and arrival destinations to help narrow the search?
There are trains every hour at :40 after beginning at 5:40. What time would you like to leave?
There is a train leaving birmingham new street at 11:40 and arriving in cambridge at 14:23. Does that work?
The price of that trip would be 75.10 pounds and the train id is TR9708. Would you like to book a ticket for that?
It's a long one - the total travel time on that train is 163 minutes. Did you need any further assistance today, perhaps a hotel or restaurant?
You are welcome. Have a nice day.
The Cambridge Artworks museum is located in East Cambridge. Does that sound like something you are interested in?
Cambridge Artworks is actually free! Would you like the address?
You sure can. The address is 5 greens road, cb13ef. The phone number is 01223902168. Is there anything else I can assist with?
We will miss you! Where are you traveling to?
There's a train leaving cambridge every hour, what time do you want to leave and/or what time do you want to get to your destination?
TR2192 leaves at 09 21 shall I book it ?
You're all set! Your reference number is ZL6AOT03 and the total fee is 37.79 GBP payable at the station.
You're welcome. Have a great day.
Sure thing, when you like to leave by?
I can help you with that. where are you going?
I have your taxi booked.
Certainly. You'll be picked up by a red Audi and the driver's number is 07990384611. Do you need help with anything else? A restaurant reservation perhaps?
Have a wonderful day.
There are a total of 22 restaurants that are cheap. Any particular food type you would like?
I found two restaurants in the area that serve Portuguese food. Would you like me to book one now?
The phone number is 01223327908 and postcode is cb23ar
There are 5 hotels in the east. Do you prefer the moderate or cheap price range?
I was not able to find any hotels matching that requirement.
I found two: Bridge Guest House in a moderate price range or The Lensfield Hotel in an expensive price range. Would you like to book one?
The postcode for the Bridge Guest House is cb28rj.
I have booked you taxi fro your hotel to nandos city centre, leaving at 07:15. The contact number is 07137465500. Can I help with anything else?
The taxi is a blue tesla. Is there anything else I can help you with?
I'm glad we could be of service, have a nice day!
What day and time would you like to travel?
The TR2605 train meets your criteria. Would you like to make a booking?
Booking was successful, the total fee is 40.4 GBP payable at the station . Reference number is : BOI263IB .
I can help you with that. What part of town are you looking to dine in and is there a certain price range you would like to stay in?
I assumed that by downtown you meant centre, I ran a search and there were 21 moderately priced restaurants, any repferences?
There are three Chinese restaurants in the center of town: jinling noodle bar, lan hong house and shanghai family restaurant. Do you have a preference?
You have been booked at the jinling noodle bar. Your reference number is NW54ONQM .
you are welcome
Yes, I hope you have a great stay too.
There are many British restaurants in the area, is that okay?
i recommend midsummer house restaurant phone number is 01223369299 and address is Midsummer Common, cb41ha
The restaurant serves British food. Would you like to make a reservation?
When and where will you be traveling?
There are several trains, do you have a time preference?
TR8026 arrives at 07:51 and it is the latest. will that work for you?
Total travel time is 51 minutes. Can I help you with anything else?
TR8026 leaves the station at 07:00. Would you like me to go ahead and make reservations for you?
Is there anything else I can help you with today?
Thank you for calling and have a great day. Goodbye.
Do you have a certain area or price range in mind?
The lensfield hotel is a nice place. Would you like a reservation?
Booking was successful. Your reference number is 5XDZNNRC . Will that be all?
There are 8 attractions in the south part of town. Did you have a specific type of attraction in mind?
How about byard art? It's a museum. There is also the junction, which is a theatre.
The postcode is cb21sj. What else can I help you with?
The phone number is 01223464646.
Okay! Where are you going?
I've booked you a taxi, it is a yellow tesla. You can contact them via 07892026031
I am so pumped I got a tesla. That's just amazing.
excellent, have a great day!
No I am so sorry I am not finding anything like that something else perhaps?
I'm still not able to get any results. Can we try a new search?
how about a and b guest house? it's located in the east.
Your booking was successful. Your reference number is 79TPBIDU . Is there anything else I can do for you?
Of course, happy to help!
I found 70 trains, when would you like to arrive by?
Train TR6332 will arrive at 19:27. Would you like tickets for that train?
They are 16.60 pounds each
TR4127 arrives at 07:27
To get price I need to know how many tickets you will need to book?
Each ticket is 16.60 GBP and the travel time is 88 minutes.
Do you know what area you're looking for an attraction in?
There are many lovely museums in Cambridge. Are you looking for something in particular, like art, or technology, or archaeology?
i have 23 options, i need us to narrow it down a bit so we can decide which address to give you
There's the cambridge museum of technology. It's 5 pounds for entrance. Would that work?
Yes, their address is the old pumping station, cheddars lane, and their postcode is cb58ld.
Thank you for contacting Cambridge TownInfo centre. Have a great time! Goodbye!
Certainly, there are lots of trains available. Which day would you like to travel?
Train TR5298 leaves at Bishops Strotford at 17:29 and arrives in Cambridge at 18:07. Would you like to book this trip?
Alright, I've got 4 tickets booked leaving at 17:29. Your reference number is ZIHX30RA .
Okay. Glad I could help you today. Enjoy your journey.
Sure, in the south of town or the centre?
Okay I recommend Vue Cinema located in the centre. The postcode is cb11ps.
What is your destination, and do you have a preference for the departure or arrival time?
The first train after 17:30 is TR4702, departing Norwich at 18:16. Would you like a ticket?
Reference number is 4VMRD84U . Can I help with anything else?
You're welcome! Have a great day!
Where would you like to leave from?
TR3387 will get you there in time. Would you like me to book it for you?
The train ID is TR3387 and the price is 75.10 pounds per ticket. Would you like me to book you a ticket?
great, there are several churches if that interests you.
i recommend old schools. it is located in trinity lane, cb21tt. can i give you their phone numbers?
01223332320. It is on Trinity Lane.
Yes, it is located in the centre.
Enjoy your stay.
Sure! What day and time would you like to travel?
Earliest is the TR8272, leaving Cambridge at 05:00. Would you like to reserve a seat or look for something a bit later in the morning?
Okay, you're booked for 3 tickets with reference number AZI34L6D . May I help with something else?
We have 29 hotels with free wifi and parking, is there a particular area or price range you prefer?
I have so many to choose from in this category. Would you like me to choose one for you?
I think the university arms hotel would be perfect for you. It is a 4 star expensive hotel right in the centre of town with both free parking and internet
Sure thing. You can phone at 01223351241. Anything else?
You're welcome, have a great day!
Hobsons House is a 3 star, moderately priced guesthouse in the west. Would you like me to book a room for you?
Okay. Your reservation for 8 people, staying 3 nights, starting on Sunday at Hobsons House was successful. The reference number is QGI4OAH5 . Is there anything else I can do for you?
Where would you like the train for and when did you want to travel?
Where will you leave from?
What time would you like to leave or arrive by?
TR1610 leaves at 5:40 and is a 28 minute trip. Shall I book it?
I have 133 results for trains departing cambridge to norwich. What day will you be traveling?
I have one leaving at 19:36. Would you like more info on this train?
I have booked 2 tickets on TR0821 for Tuesday. Reference number LVKTJIQN . Is there anything else I can help you with today?
There are 2 I would suggest, Cineworld Cinema in the South area and Vue Cinema in the Centre Area, would you like more info on either?
cineworld cinema is located at cambridge leisure park, clifton way, cb17dy. vue cinema is located at the grafton centre, east road, cb11ps.
Alright, thanks for contacting Cambridge TownInfo centre, have a great day!
There are 11 museums located in the centre of Cambridge. Did you have one in particular in mind or a type you would be interested in visiting?
I recommend the castle galleries, it is located at unit su43, grande arcade, saint andrews street. Would you also like the phone number?
Castle Galleries can be reached at 01223307402. Where are you departing from and which day are you traveling?
I have found 8 trains meeting your criteria. The first leaves at 0524. Would you like me to book it for you?
TR4194 will cost 8.08 pounds. How many tickets do you need?
Okay, Booking was successful, the total fee is 8.08 GBP payable at the station. Your reference number is : KLU8N9Y4 . Is there anything else I can help with?
It's not a problem! Thanks for using the Cambridge TownInfo centre!
I'm sorry, can you tell me what type of business that is?
Yes I see that lan hong house is still in operation. Would you like more information?
How many people should I reserve for and at what time?
Booking was successful. The table will be reserved for 15 minutes. Reference number is : HPRELBW9 . now let's find you a hotel!
There are 3 gueshouse that fit that match. allenbell, autumn house, and leverton house. Would you like to book one of those?
I definitely recommend Leverton House. The address is 732-734 Newmarket Road and the zip code is cb58rs
Have a great stay in town. Goodbye.
Holy Trinity Church is a popular choice, with no entry fee.
Is there anything else I can help you with today?
i have 33 places to stay. what price range would you like?
I dont have any hotels, would a guesthouse be ok?
huntingdon marriott hotel would meet all your needs.
Your room at the Huntingdon Marriott Hotel. The reference number is K2BJCGYB . How else may I help you?
You're welcome is there anything else I can assist with regarding your travels and stay?
the river bar steakhouse and grill meets your preferences. They are located in centre at Quayside Off Bridge Street.
You're welcome, goodbye.
Your reservation is all set, reference number is U4UFT1IY
The Alexander Bed and Breakfast guesthouse is 4 stars and the El Shaddai is 0 stars. Would you like me to book one of these options for you?
Thank you. Is there anything else I can help you with today?
Parking is free, the phone number is 01223525725 and the address is 56 saint barnabas road.
I have booked the taxi, the contact number is 07846881745. The car type is a grey ford. Anything else I can help you with today?
You're Welcome. Thank you for using our services.
I apologize, I don't have a hotel listing. We could try a guest house or a more expensive hotel?
Sure, there a few of those. What area would you like to stay in?
Sure, the acorn guest house is a nice place and it includes both free internet and parking. How many nights would you need?
Okay and how many people will there be?
Your booking is complete. Your confirmation number is PXPA2RWI . Can I help you with anything else?
Sure, what information would you like about saigon city? It's located in the north.
I could not book that for you. Would you like to try another time?
Certainly. You're booked with reference number 1AMB3XQD . May I help with anything else?
I booked a black volvo, Contact number : 07551977875. Is there anything else I can help you with?
Great! Enjoy your stay!
Where are you departing from?
I have train TR3371 that leaves at 09:21 and arrives in Leicester at 11:06. Would this work for you?
Here is the booking information:Booking was successful, the total fee is 211.67 GBP payable at the station . Reference number is : B7ID18CR .
It is an expensive 4 star hotel located at kingfisher way, hinchinbrook business park, huntingdon on the west side of town. Phone number and postcode are 01480446000 and pe296fl.
Can I go ahead and book this for you?
It Kingfisher way in Hincibrook buisness park,huntington
I will be more than happy to help you find one. Do you prefer a certain price range?
I have 2 hotels and 2 guesthouses in the west area with wifi and parking. Do you have a preference?
We have two: Huntingdon Marriott Hotel, and the Cambridge Belfry.
Of course. The address I have is Kingfisher way, Hinchinbrook business park, Huntingdon. Their phone number is 01480446000. Would you like me to book your stay?
You're very welcome. Have a nice day! Bye!
Yes, do you know the name of the location?
University arms hotel is in the centre of town with a expensive price range. It has 4 stars and free parking and internet.
Booking was successful. Reference number is : 8YO1F8QD . What else may I help you with?
You didn't select restaurant so I can't pull it up one moment while I get my manager.
Clare College is in the west area. The phone number is 01223333200 and the entrance fee is 2.50 pounds. Can I help with anything else?
A black tesla will arrive to pick you up at the hotel at 06:45 and will take you to Clare college. The contact number is 07878272300.
Is there anything I can do for you?
You are most welcome. It has been a pleasure assisting you today. Goodbye
That gives us about 10 options. To narrow it down some, do you have a certain area of town you prefer?
Okay I could recommend the Allenbell which is a 4 star guesthouse with free parking in the cheap price range located on the east side.
Yes your booking was successful! Your reservation number is KQ23HDJ5 .
Sure. Where will you be going to?
What day and time would you like to travel to Cambridge?
And what time do you wish to leave/arrive?
I have train TR9854 leaving at 5:11 and arriving at 5:58.
Enjoy your visit. Thank you for using the Cambridge TownInfo centre. Have a great day
I'm afraid that we don't have any fusion restaurants in town, unfortunately. Is there another type of food that you might like?
We have two in the centre of town, shiraz restaurant and la mimosa. Do you require more information or do you want to reserve a table at one?
The post code for Shiraz Restaurant is cb21dp and the phone number is 01223307581.
Okay what day would you like to travel?
TR8585 departs at 13:29 and arrives by 14:07. Would you like a ticket?
Booking was successful. Reference number is : BLZULWIR .
Thank you for calling. Have a nice day.
Can I get a price range you are looking for?
I have three places, shall I try to book one for you?
When and how many days would you need to be booked for? The Allenbell is located at 517a coldham lane.
There is one place at the cheap price range, it is a place that serves international food by the name of the missing sock. Shall I book you?
Certainly. It's 01223812660. Is there anything else I can help you with?
Ok, I have a taxi booked for you in a grey bmw at 4:45 from the hotel. The contact number is 07423515333.
You are welcome! Is there anything else I can assist you with?
Have a good time. Good day.
Sure. The Junction is a theatre to the south of town. I'm not sure what it costs to get in, but people really seem to like it.
Of course! Their phone number is 01223511511. How else may I assist you?
One is Sala Thong in the west, postcode cb39ey and the other is Bangkok City in the centre, postcode c23jx. Would you like me to book one?
I have completed your booking. The table is held for 15 minutes and your reference number is TT8J62KR . Can I assist you with anything else today?
Alright, is there anything else I can do for you?
Your Taxi is booked, If you give me a time you would prefer to leave by I can add that information to the booking for you.
Yes it is confirmed with reference number TT8J62KR . The time is 18:00 for 8 people.
Sorry about that. Your taxi will be a gray volvo. The contact number is 07220734220. Is there anything else I can do for you today?
Thank you and enjoy your visit.
Certainly. Could you please tell me either the time you want to leave or the time you would like to arrive by?
I have booked you a taxi for that time. It is red bmw. Is there anything else I can assist you with today?
The contact number is 07193948183. Anything else I can help with?
If there is nothing else I can do, I want to thank you very much and have a great day!
If your going to Cambridge, I have 5 trains running. Do you have a particular time?
There are 13 trains. When would you like to arrive by?
TR5953 leaves at 11:32 and arrives by 12:32.
Yes indeed. That is located in the centre, is an expensive price ranged hotel, valued at 3 stars, and offers free internet and parking.
How many people will be staying please?
I have booked the gonville hotel, 7 people for 4 nights beginning on Wednesday. Your reference number is IUS007CM .
Have a great day!
Sure, its a nightclub on heidelberg gardens, lion yard.
It is 5 pounds to enter.
I have 133 results of trains departing from broxbourne to cambridge, do you have a specific date and time you're looking at?
I have train TR4537 that departs at 07:32 and arrives by 08:32. Do you think you would be interested in that schedule?
It is 17.90 pounds.
Thank you, just to confirm the booking you are traveling alone?
I have your ticket booked for Tuesday. The reference number is 2KX2MCTXXX and the fee is 17.89 GBP payable at the station.
You're very welcome, have a great time!
Can you tell me where you will be leaving from?
I have booked you for a yellow Volvo taxi with the contact number 07456851233 for 7:15.
You are most welcome
The wandlebury country park is in the south area. Would you like the address?
Admission is free and the phone number is 01223243830. Can I help you with anything else?
I am afraid I have no restaurants matching your request. Would you like to try another area or different cuisine?
I am sorry, there are not any Northern European restaurants in the south. Can I help you with something else?
I found one restaurant that matches that criteria, the Chiquito Restaurant Bar at 2G Cambridge Leisure Park Cherry Hinton Road Cherry Hinton, the phone number is 01223400170.
You table is reserved for 15 minutes and the reference number is GCYDRABE . Can I help you with anything else?
Certainly! The address is wandlebury ring, gog magog hills, babraham. Is there anyway else I could be of service today?
Have a great day!
Wandlebury Country Park is located at Wandlebury Ring, Gog Magog Hills, Babraham, cb223ae
Thanks for using our system today!
Certainly. Trinity College is located in the centre of town at Trinity Street, postcode cb21tq. The phone number is 01223338400 and the entrance fee is 1 pound.
You're welcome. What else can I help you with?
Three hotels come up for 4 stars, which do you prefer, Huntingdon Marriott Hotel, Cambridge Belfry, or University Arms Hotel? The cheapest rate is Cambridge Belfry if that is a concern.
Huntingdon Marriott Hotel is 4 stars, located in the west and is expensive. Would you like me to book a room for you?
Yes, the Huntingdon Marriott offers free parking. Would you like me to book it for you?
Yes, they have internet, and their postcode is pe296fl. Can I help with anything else today?
That is a hotel.
Wonderful. Enjoy your time in Cambridge!
Is there a type of food you want or an area of town?
I don't show any restaurants that fit that category. Is there something different you would like to try?
i have four such types, do i recommend one?
Midsummer House is my favorite. How many people will be dining on Thursday, and at what time?
I've made your reservation. Your confirmation number is XRLERQ6S . Is there anything else I can assist you with?
Is there a specific day you'd like to leave?
TR3948 will get you to your destination at 08:35. Is that okay?
TR3948 Leaves at 07:16 and costs 17.6 Pounds. Would you like me to book it for you?
Thank you for using the Cambridge Town Info Centre Services!
I have one hotel that meets that criteria. It has 3 stars and offers free wifi and parking. This would be the Lensfield Hotel. Can I book you a room?
When will you be arriving and how many nights would you like to stay? How many people are in your party?
your booking was successful. your reference number is JCVMJBRZ .
Wonderful. Have a great day. Bye.
Please be specific on your day of travel an your departure site.
There is a train leaving at 18:06 and arriving at 18:56, is that acceptable?
Sure thing! Booking was successful with a total fee of 92.4 GBP, your reference number is STI1ROB6 . Can I help you with anything else?
There is a Asian restaurant in that location, the dojo noodle bar, their address is 40210 Millers Yard City Centre.
It doesn't look like it. It shows Asian Oriental.
No there are not any restaurants in that area that serve cantonese.
There's Charlie Chan. It serves Chinese food and is located in the centre. Is that good?
I am sorry we could not book you for saturday at 10:00. Would you like to try another time?
Sorry no tables available. How about a different time or another day perhaps?
There are 2 other cheap Chinese places in the city centre: Rice House and Golden House. Would you like to try a reservation at one of these?
I successfully booked a table for 7 at the Rice House restaurant on Saturday at 9:00. The table will be reserved for 15 minutes. The reference number is PURBIHT2 .
Sounds great. Have a wonderful day!
Yes I have 5 architecture sites in the centre 4 are churches and one is old schools. Would you like information on any of them?
Old Schools is a great place for architecture. It's free to get in. It's located on Trinity Lane and their postcode is cb21tt.
Is there anything else I could help you with today?
No problem. Glad to help.
Thank you, goodbye.
I can help you find train info. What day are you traveling?
Where are you leaving from and going to?
TR1036 leaves at 14:36. Would that work for you?
Booking was successful, the total fee is 56.32 GBP payable at the station . Reference number is : UA5Q42C3 . Can I get you anything else?
Sorry, I couldn't find any matching guest houses.
There are 12 in the moderate range. Is there an area of the city you would prefer to stay?
What star rating would you like the guesthouse to be?
I can suggest the bridge guest house.
Sure, when would you be arriving?
And for how many days?
Bridge guest house has been booked for 4 people for 5 nights starting Tuesday. Your Reference number is : YI8BZF07 . Can I assist you with anything else today?
Thank you for calling. Have a great trip. Goodbye.
Absolutely. Where will be you going?
Okay great, I have you a blue skoda booked and your contact number is 07101981582.
We are happy to help. Do you need any further assistance?
Thanks for using Cambridge TownInfo Centre. Bye!
There are 21 guesthouses that fit that criteria - are you looking for a particular area?
There are 9 guesthouses with free parking in north. Do you have a star rating preference or price range?
There are two that match your criteria. City Centre North B&B has 0 stars and Worth House has 4 stars. Would you like to book one of these?
I've got your guesthouse booking. Your reference number is CACBMOKK . Now where will you be departing from on the train?
I found 126 trains do you have any other requirements?
Not a problem. What time do you want to arrive by?
There are 6 trains available that are exactly the same aside from arrival time, any preference?
the total fee is 26.4 GBP and your confirmation number is T5ZBLY18
We are happy to help. Have all of your needs been met?
Have a great day!
Yes, it is located in the South area at Wandlebury Ring, Gog Magog Hills, Babraham cb223ae. The phone number is 012223243830.
Happy to be of help, Enjoy your visit.
Which station will you be departing from? There are over 200 options for trains going to Cambridge on Saturday.
What time would you like to depart?
How about TR4078 leaving london liverpool street on saturday at 13:39 and arriving at cambridge at 15:07, making it an 88 minute ride? It costs 13.28 pounds.
You're very welcome. Would you like to book a ticket on that train?
Is there anything else I can help you with today?
Have a lovely day, thank you for using a our service.
I have 3 cheap hotels in the east for you to choose from. There are all good Hotels with free internet and parking though allenbell is closest to cambridge.
Yes it does would you like me to make a booking?
Allenbell is located at 517a coldham lane with a postcode of cb13js.
Okay! What day would you like to travel? I'm presuming you're coming from Cambridge?
I have 10 trains that will be leaving Cambridge going to Stevenage on Thursday. What time would you like to leave or arrive?
The closest to 19:30 without being after is TR 4765, they arrive at 18:10, does that work for you?
Your total is 76.80 GBP, which you can pay at the station. Your Reference number is : 708IJWEK .
You're very welcome! Bye now!
There are 9 restaurants that fit your request. What is your pricerange?
My favorite is zizzi cambridge, located at 47-53 Regent Street, cb21ab. Their phone number is 01223365599. Would you like to reserve a table?
Any particular area?
what about clare college? it's in the west.
Clare college is located at trinity lane. Their post code is cb21tl. The entrance fee is 2.50 pounds.
Have a great day yourself.
I would be happy to help with your request, fist I'll need to know your departure site/destination.
Where would you like to be picked up from?
I'd be happy to help! Where are you coming from?
I can help you with that. where are you going?
Your taxi is booked. It is a grey Volkswagen with the contact number 07111100101.
You are welcome. Do you need help with anything else?
You are more than welcome!
I'm sorry, there are no German restaurants in the area. Is there another cuisine I could search for?
I have several european restaurants to choose from. Did you want to dine in a certain area of the city?
I think you'd enjoy Eraina, so I've booked you a table there. The reference number is 0IT4QD59 .
You are quite welcome. Thank you and goodbye!
Sure, what are you interests?
I have many famous ones to choose from. May I make a recommendation?
christ's college does not charge an entrance fee. Would you like the address and phone number?
The postcode is cb23bu. Is there anything else I can help you with?
Did you have a date or time in mind?
I have one leaving at 8:40 will that work for you?
There is one that leaves at 05:40, and arrives by 08:23. Would you like to book that train?
The cost for the ticket is 75.10 pounds
I'm glad I could help! Enjoy your day in Cambridge!
Okay, I see there are none. Thank you.
I see many! Did you have a price range in mind?
The hotel du vin and bistro serves European food. Their phone number is 01223227330. Is there anything else I can help with?
There are several trains leaving on Friday The london kings cross will arrove by 14.08
Take train with trainID TR9933, which is a suitable choice for you.
I'm seeing now that TR2379 would be a better fit for your desired arrival time. It arrives in cambridge by 18:35.
I've successfully book you one seat and your reference number is F3ZO7LYQ .
Is there anything else I can assist you with today?
If you ever need anything else, please contact us.
Where will you be departing from? And what place would you like to go to?
I show trains that meet that criteria departing at 19:59, 21:59 and 23:59. Which time would you prefer?
It departs Cambridge at 19:59 and arrives at London Liverpool Street at 21:27. It is 16.60 pounds. Would you like me to book this for you?
There are 44 different attractions in the centre of town. Are you interested in a particular type? There's architecture, boating, cinema, colleges, concert halls, museums, nightclubs, parsk, swimming pools and theatres.
cambridge university botanic gardens has a 4 pound entrance fee, their address is bateman street, postcode cb21jf. Would you like to hear about another place?
To you as well. Goodbye!
We have several options that may suit you. Does location matter?
I've found the alexander bed and breakfast that is in the centre and rated 4 stars. It has internet and parking, can I book that for you?
I have booked your room. Your reference number is NDVNFLQQ . Is there anything else I can help you with today?
You might need to look into a taxi it looks like the trains are booked that day.
Let me check the train again if you give me the departure and arrival city again.
I was mistaken. There is a train that will arrive at Cambridge from London Liverpool St. on Tuesday at 17:07. Would you like me to book passage for you?
Okay, thank you and goodbye!
I have 11 guesthouses on the north side of town. Do you have a price range or star level in mind?
I have several moderately priced guesthouses available and one in the less expensive range. What is your preference?
ok that narrows it down to 7 options. do you have any other preferences to consider?
There are 6 available and they all have free parking and wifi. May I suggest kirkwood house?
The postcode is CB4 1DA. What else can I help you with today?
We have some great architecture in the centre. I recommend Old Schools on trinity lane. The admission is free.
Could you please choose an attraction first?
Do you need any information?
When do you need to leave?
Ok great and what will be your destination?
that is a great choice. do you need an address?
When would you like to arrive by?
I booked you a blue skoda and the driver can be reached at 07347836479. Is there anything else I can help you with?
Thank you for using the help desk.
Would you be interested in a couple of recommendations? I have The Copper Kettle in the centre and Saint Johns Chop House in the west. Both serve great British cuisine.
Of course! The Copper Kettle's number is 01223323361 and they are located at 4 Kings Parade City Centre.
The Copper Kettle is located in the center of town.
Alright. I will need more information first. Where can the taxi pick you up, when would you like to leave, and when do you need to arrive?
I am sorry, I cannot book a taxi for you without this information.
I have 33 results for a place to stay. Would you prefer a hotel or a guesthouse? Did you have a preference on location?
There are 3 results for a place to stay, would you like me to book you a room now?
A and B Guest House meets your criteria so I have booked it for you. The reference number is N5NTPZKL .
All right, if you're sure you don't need a taxi as well, have a very good day, then.
If you need to book a taxi , please call back. Thank you.
I am showing lots of attractions. What do you like to do ?
There are 11 options for museum in centre. I'd recommend the Castle Galleries. Would you like more information?
The postcode is cb23bj. They offer free entrance. Anything else I can help you with?
Yes I have many. What area are you wanting to stay in and what price range?
And, in which area would you like to stay?
Okay, how about acorn guest house?
I sure can! Would you like me to book that for you?
Let me get that for you.
Before I am able to book it, I'll need to know when you are arriving, the length of your stay, and how many people in your booking.
Thank you for waiting, your booking was successful. Your reference number is 3YQQ4MBT .
You are welcome. Have a great day
I can absolutely help you, but let's get some more information so we can book your ticket. What day and time would you like to leave?
How about train TR7177? It leaves at 15:50
Ok your reference number is: YM5XXTVS . Total is 4.4 GBP and are payable when you get to the station.
I hope you enjoy your trip! Have a great day
Absolutely! Lan hong house is a moderately priced restaurant in centre. Would you like a reservation?
There food type if Chinese, and their phone number is 01223350420.
You are most welcome!
I can certainly help! What is the name of the restaurant you are looking for?
I have that here, For when and how many?
I'm sorry, they were unable to accommodate you request. Would you like to try a different day or time?
Booking was successful they will hold the table for 15 minutes. Reference number is 32XOQQE9
I found the allenbell that has what you want, would you like me to make a reservation?
Of course. How many days will you be staying?
The allenbell is a guesthouse with parking and internet. Would that work?
I need to know the following to book you in at the allenbell: your day of arrival, the duration of your stay, and the number of people with you.
How many nights will you be staying? Will the hotel reservation need to accommodate 6 people as well?
Can I help you with anything else?
Thank you for using our system!
There are some wonderful museums here. Did you have a particular area of town you would like to stay in?
There's broughton house gallery in the centre. It's free to enter. I can get their contact info if you like. Or we can find something else.
You can reach them at 01223314960 and the address is 98 king street. May I help with anything else today?
I'm sorry but I can't make any bookings for attractions. I can only book taxis, restaurants, trains, buses, and hotels for you. You're welcome to call the gallery though.
There is no entrance fee, it's free!
Yes the gonville hotel is a 3 star hotel in the centre.
great, your reference # is DSP4JSSS, anything else for you today?
To book a taxi I need the following information travel time, departure site and destination site.
You have a black Toyota booked for 10:00 leaving from Gonville Hotel. You can contact them at 07356285200. Is there anything else I can hell you with?
Do you need me to look up anything else for you?
Glad to have been of help. Thank you for using the Cambridge TownInfo centre. Have a great day.
I can certainly help you with that. What area are you wanting to stay in?
i recommend avalon. can i book for you?
their phone number is 01223353071 but they don't have free parking.
There are lots of options. One place I could recommend is the Funky Fun House. Would you like some other recommendations?
I have a few entertainment attractions, though I'm not pulling up any nightclubs. Can you be more specific, please?
The ballare nightclub phone number is 01223364222 and the entrance fee is 5 pounds.
What price range do you want to be in?
There are 3 restaurants serving chinese food in the centre, jinling noodle bar, Ian hong house and shanghai family restaurant. Which one would you like?
Postcode, cb23pp. It is in the moderate price range. Is there anything else you would like to know?
There are many trains available. Where are you going and do you have a preference on when you leave?
I can book that for you, but I need to first confirm that you are going from Ely to Cambridge?
Booking was successful for TR1431, the total fee is 4.4 GBP payable at the station, reference number is ACJH1DDI .
Do you need help with anything else?
Glad I could help!
Gladly. On what day are you traveling?
Where will your departure be from?
How early do you want to leave? The first train departs at 05:40 and there's one nearly every hour until 11:40
Okay, the TR9462 leaves at 07:40 so its early enough but not too early. Will that work for you?
Of course. Your booking of 4 tickets for the train TR9462 was successful. The cost will be 240.32 payable at the station. Your reference number is GO1L3W48 .
I have 9 entries that fit your criteria. What area would you like the guesthouse to be in? What about the number of stars?
city centre north b and b is a great pick! It's located in the north part of town and has 0 stars but includes both internet and parking.
Phone number is 01223312843 and address is 328a histon road. Do you need anything else?
Thanks for using the TownInfo centre, and I hope you enjoy your stay in Cambridge!
Sure. Where are you leaving from?
For an arrival of what time?
How about TR3864, which leaves at 22:40? They arrive at 23:08.
The travel time for that train will be 28 minutes.
May I help with anything else?
Okay. Glad we could help!
Hi, I have 33 available. I would like to narrow it down. What area do you want to stay in.
Either the Bridge Guest House or The Lensfield Hotel seem like they would work for you. Would you like to book a reservation at one of them?
Yes, actually, they both do. Would you like to book a room at one of these?
The Bridge Guest House is the cheaper option. Would you like me to book that for you?
Yes it does have free wifi. Would you like to make a reservation?
You are all booked! Reference number is YS36A4BS . Is there anything else I can help with?
Okay, I'd be happy to assist with that as well. Can you confirm the day you would like to leave and your destination?
The earliest departure is at 11:00, is that satisfactory for you?
The first train actually leaves at 10:36. Is this updated information still okay with you to book?
I've booked 5 tickets for train TR3468, the price is 88 pounds, and your reference number is ZS44FP41 . Can I offer any further assistance?
You are welcome. Have a nice day.
I sure do. The University Arms hotel is a more expensive hotel in the centre of town. It has 4 stars and includes free wifi and free parking.
Unfortunately, they don't have availability for that day and length of stay. Would you like to stay on another day or shorten the stay?
Booking was successful for 2 nights on Sunday for 1. Your reference number is YK9Z9AKE . Is there anything more I can assist you with?
Thank you for booking with us and have a great day.
Sure, what part of town?
I would recommend the huntingdon marriott hotel, a 4 star hotel in western Cambridge. Do you need anything else?
Booking was successful. Reference number is : 1O9E32IJ . Is there anything else I can help with today?
What kind of food do you like?
Are you trying to stay in a certain price range? If not, I found the gourmet burger kitchen for you. It's rather expensive though. Will that work?
Absolutely! Will the restaurant reservation be for 3 people as well?
Of course. Your reference number is QP95E4QP . I hope you enjoy your meal.
welcome when ever you want to inqure anything
I would love to! Bye!
Yes their are a total of 229 trains arriving by the time you specified
There are 11 total trains, do you have a more specific time you'd like to book?
Yes, the trip to Kings Lynn is 47 minutes long.
I found you five. Would you like frankie and bennys?
And what day would you like to eat at frankie and bennys?
I booked your table for 4 at Frankie and Bennys on Thursday at 12:15. Your reference is 63DSFCCM . Is there anything else I can help with today?
You're very welcome, take care!
There is plenty to do in the centre. Do you have anything in particular you'd like to do? Perhaps visit a museum?
Sure. There's the castle galleries on Saint Andrews Street. It's free.
Can we narrow it down a bit? What price range are you looking for?
alexander bed and breakfast would be a good fit
Unfortunately, that was not available. Would you like to try another day or go for a shorter stay?
Your stay at alexander bed and breakfast is booked. Your reference number is 9NS2MB3K . Is there anything else I can help with?
I can help you with that. What is the timeframe you were looking for?
Okay. I was able to book a red BMW for you, contact number 07401091982.
Thank you! Have a nice day!
Sure, I can help with that. When would you like to leave or arrive?
Alright. Your taxi will pick you up at the restaurant at 11:00. It will be a yellow skoda. The contact number is 07543428756.
Thank you for using our service. Have all of your needs been met?
Thank you and have a great day!
There are 10 places that are fantastic choices. Do you have a particular price range or would you like a suggestion?
I recommend Charlie Chan.
I have booked your table here is the information-Booking was successful. The table will be reserved for 15 minutes. Reference number is : 2D7RZWAJ . Any other help today?
great, what day and time will you be traveling?
Is there a time you would like to leave by?
Booking successful. The fee will be 51.2 GBP and your reference number is 92R9TAK8 .
Thank you so much, hope you have a great visit.
I would love to help you with this! Where are you wanting to go and what time are you wanting to leave or arrive by?
I was able to book a taxi for you. It is a yellow Volkswagen and the contact number is 07800170336. Do you need anything else?
You are welcome. Have a wonderful day. Good Bye.
It's an indian restaurant located in the east. They are moderately priced. Would you like to make a reservation?
Certainly. They're located in postcode cb58rg. Do you need assistance with anything else today?
The Cambridge Artworks is located at 5 Greens Road, postal code cb13ef and the phone number is 01223902168. Admission is free.
You are very welcome. I hope you have a wonderful day! Good bye.
If you need anything in the future don't hesitate to call.
That's a great place. Here is the address G4 Cambridge Leisure Park Clifton Way Cherry Hinton.
What time would you like the reservation for?
What day and how many people would you be with?
I have made your reservation. Your reference number is GE3RNIVG . Can I help you with anything else?
How about old schools in centre? Its free and on trinity lane. Phone number is 01223332320 and post code os cb21tt
Of course. The address is Trinity Lane. Can I help you with anything else today?
Have a wonderful time.
You're very welcome. Good bye.
We have 10 possibilities for you. Do you have any additional preferences?
I don't have anything with two stars, free wifi, and in the cheap range. Would you like to try a different number of stars?
I have two options in the moderate price range. The Ashley House and Lovell Lodge. Would you like to try one of these?
When will your stay be?
I've made your reservation, and the reference number is 5NA21JWO . What else can I help you with?
You're very welcome. Thanks for contacting the Cambridge TownInfo Centre. I hope you have a great day!
It's a guesthouse in the north. It's moderately priced. Do you want me to book it?
Okay, so you would like the reservation for 6 days and five nights?
Okay I have booked you for 5 nights and your reservation number is 3A42D73D .
ok, the TR5825 arrives at 16:43. would you like a ticket?
Sure. Your booking was successful. The total fee is 12.8 GBP and your reference number is WDEYBN55 . Is there anything else I can help you with?
Enjoy your trip! Bye!
Yes, we have eleven. Is price a concern?
Is either free parking or internet a concern to you?
Great. There are 8 options that meet your criteria. I'd recommend the Acorn Guest House. Would you like to book a room?
The acorn guest house is 4 stars. Would you like me to book?
The post code for the Acorn guest house is cb41da and it is in the moderate price range. Is there anything else that I can do for you today?
Sometimes we want to go where everyone knows our name, we have 110 places where we can make that happen. Any restaurant preferences like area, price or cuisine
I'm sorry but there aren't any Scottish places in the north part of town. Would you like to try a different type of food?
I have three places. Would you like more info on one?
I recommend Hakka, located at Milton Road Chesterton, postcode cb41jy.
Booking was successful. The table will be reserved for 15 minutes. Reference number is : 91681CYP . Can I help you with anything else today?
You're welcome, have a great day.
There are 21 places that meet your criteria. Is there a specific area and price range you are looking for?
Yes. Rosa's bed and breakfast has a cheap price range. Aylesbray lodge guest house has a moderate price range. Would you like me to book one for you?
The huntingdon marriott hotel is in the west area, it has free wifi, and it is in the expensive price range. Shall I book reservations?
They do have free parking, the postcode is pe296fl
Ok... I need more information for your train, such as departure or arrival times, number of people, day, and destination.
Okay, there is a train leaving cambridge for peterborough tuesday at 20:34 arriving at 21:24 for 16.50 pounds. Would you like me to book this for you?
I'd be happy to. How many tickets will you need?
You are booked on train TR5110. Your reference # is AD3EUZB8 . The cost is 16.5 and payable at the station. Can I help you with anything else?
Thank you. Have a good day.
sure, their phone number is 01223364917 and the address is 12 Bridge Street City Centre
Sure, what time on wednesday?
I have made a reservation for 1 on wednesday. Your reference number is 36A96Z3Z .
Could you tell me where you are departing from, and the time you want to leave and or arrive by?
Train TR1233 arrives at 21:06. Can I book it for you or answer any questions?
Here is the booking information:Booking was successful, the total fee is 37.79 GBP payable at the station . Reference number is : 8UKGS1OT .
You are very welcome. Have a wonderful day and goodbye.
All right, we've got quite a few hotels that offer free wi-fi. What area of town would you prefer?
Okay, I've found 3 hotels that meet your needs. Would you prefer expensive or cheap?
The University Arms Hotel is in the town centre. Will that do? It's postcode is cb21ad.
There are a few. Can I suggest Ballare or Soul Tree Nightclub?.
The Ballare is in the centre of town. It's located at Heidelberg Gardens, Lion Yard. Their phone number is 01223364222. Did you need any other information?
Certainly. Thanks and goodbye.
I'm sorry, there are no restaurants like that in Cambridge.
There are 21 restaurants in the centre of town. Do you have another cuisine type?
There are 4 moderately priced options. I recommend galleria.
It was booked successfully. The reference number is X1X28MMN .
Do you need me to book or look up anymore info?
where will your departure station be?
TR2380 departs at 21:21 and arrives by 22:10. Can I help with anything else?
i am glad i have been of help
Thank you, you do the same. Good bye!
There are a total of 33 expensive restaurants in the centre of town. Is there a particular type of food you are wanting?
Shiraz Restaurant serves Mediterranean cuisine. Would that work for you?
Did you have a specific destination in mind?
I would recommend the train leaving at 21:40 and arriving to Cambridge by 24:23.
Yes, it's 163 minutes. Would you like me to book you a ticket? Or perhaps reserve you a table at Shiraz Restaurant?
Have a great day.
Yes, there are two in the centre of town. The Varsity Restaurant and the Bloomsbury Restaurant. Would you like more information?
They are located at Crowne Plaza Hotel 20 Downing Street
The phone number for the Bloomsbury Restaurant is 08719429180. Can I help you in arranging a reservation?
The Bloomsbury Restaurant can be found at Crowne Plaza Hotel 20 Downing Street with a postcode of CB23DT.
You are welcome. Do you need anything else?
Thank you. Goodbye.
Yes! What part of town would you like to visit?
I'm mean, I can't find anything specifically under "entertainment" in the towns centre. Would you like to try another area or a different type of attraction?
We have quite a few. I quite like the primavera, which is free. Would you liek the information for it?
Primavera's address is 10 king s parade. what else can I help with?
no I am sorry no steakhouses, something else perhaps?
You're in luck there is one portuguese restaurant in the centre. The nandos city centre is a great place to eat. Would you like more information or book a table?
Your booking was successful! The reference number is WVD19D0M . Your table will be reserved for 15 minutes.
Is there anything else I can help you with?
At what time do you want to be picked up?
You're all set! The car will be a yellow Volvo, contact # 07669038434. Can I help you with anything else today?
You're very welcome! Have a wonderful trip!
Absolutely. Where would you be traveling to and for what day?
there are several trains that leave that day what time would you like to leave and where will you be going
I have a train leaving at 21:01. Would you like me to book that for you?
The booking was successful the total price is 89.5 that you can pay at the station and your reference number is 4NA0WK3R .
Its a theatre located in the centre of town, it does not list the entrance fee...but I can give you their number if you would like to call them
Hours of operation are not available to us, you would have to call them, any other questions?
There postcode is cb23pj. Is there anything else I can help you with?
They are located within the city center.
Is there anything else you'd like my help with today?
Thanks and have a good day!
Okay. Are you looking for a train, place to stay, or an attraction? We can even make restaurant reservations for you.
What a great choice! That is a boating attraction that is located in the center of town. They are located at 251a Chesterton Road. Their postcode is cb41as.
There are trains every day at 21:39 and 23:39 that run from London Liverpool Street to Cambridge. Do you know what day you'll be travelling? Would you like to book tickets?
Your tickets are booked. The confirmation number is IKGWPF5T and the total cost is 166 GBP which you can pay at the station.
There's lots of different attractions in the centre of town? Are you looking for anything specific?
I would recommend the museum of archaelogy and anthropology. Would you like me to book it?
Sure, no problem. The phone is 01223333516. The post code is cb23dz and the entrance is free. For the train, what time do you need to arrive by?
and where is your destination?
TR2848 fits your criteria and arrives by 17:52, shall I book that for you?
You're very welcome. Have a great trip!
You're very welcome. Please contact us again if you need further assistance for your visit to Cambridge.
The Anatolia is a moderate priced restaurant located in the centre. Would that meet your needs?
What day and time do you need your reservation?
Great! I have your booking and your reference number is 186UXPOI .
No I am sorry there are not but there are several nightclubs.
There are 13 colleges that fit your request but I would recommend Downing College. They're on Regent Street at postcode CB21DQ and their phone number is 01223334860.
Okay! You will arrive by 16:30. Booked car type: red volvo, Contact number: 07940632984.
Thanks ! enjoy your time !
It was a pleasure to assist you. Have a good day. Goodbye.
I have one hotel that meets your needs. It's the Lensfield Hotel that offers free wifi and parking. They have a 3 star rating. Would you like more info on it?
The Lensfield Hotel is expensive.
No, no hotels meet your criteria.
We have 2 locations that are in the south, moderately priced, and have free wifi. They are both guesthouses, would one of those meet your needs?
The address to aylesbray lodge guest house is 5 mowbray road! Is there anything else I can help you with?
Have a great day!
Sure! when would you like to arrive?
No problem - where should the car pick you up?
can you confirm the pick up location please?
I've booked you a white Toyota that will get you from The Place to Nandos by 23:15. Contact number is 07727323900. Do you need help with anything else?
You are welcome. If that is all, then have a good trip.
It is my pleasure. Have a good day.
Goodbye. I hope you have a wonderful day.
There are 10 Chinese restaurants in the centre. Is there a particular price range you're interested in?
Might I suggest the Jinling Noodle Bar? I can book a table there for you, if you like.
Sure. The address is 11 Peas Hill City Centre, the postcode is cb23pp, and the phone number is 01223566188. What else can I do for you?
Sure, I have 33 hotel options available. Can you tell me more about what you need? What area or price range, perhaps?
I have a cheaper guesthouse nearby the restaurant named El Shaddai or an expensive hotel called CityRoomz. Would you like more information on one of those?
Ok, Cityroomz has free wifi. Unfortunately, they cannot book for 3 nights. Would you like to try El Shaddai or another night?
Great! You're all set. Your reference number is G7YT1WEQ . How else may I assist you?
Great, you have a black Toyota booked from Cityroomz to Jinling Noodle Bar, the contact number is 07486349106
You're welcome! It was a pleasure assisting you!
There are 13 available places. Do you have an attraction type in mind?
Does Churchill College sound good?
Yes, Churchill College is a college.
Post code is cb30ds. Can I be of further assistance?
Did you have a day and time in mind for your travels?
Would you like to depart at 14:15 or arrive at 14:15?
We have five such trains. Any preferences?
The booking for the train leaving at 13:35 and arriving by 13:52 was successful the price is 26.4 GBP reference number is GNAXXHOL . Do you need anything else?
It was my pleasure. Let me know if you think of anything else you need.
Sure. Which day would like to travel?
There are 5 trains. Train TR5050 arrives at 21:52 and departs at 21:35. Would that work?
Sure thing booking was successful, the total fee is 4.4 GBP payable at the station. Reference number is KC9U39NR .
Sure, I recommend eraina. It's expensive, but excellent. Does this interest you?
I was able to successfully book you. Your reference number is HKBUPYI9 . Is there anything more I can help with?
Okay thank you. Enjoy your dinner.
Hello, there are many options available, do you know what day or time you would like to arrive?
There are two trains that leave Stevenage and arrive in Cambrige at 6:43, one leaves at 5:54 and the other 7:54, would you like to book one of those?
I have booked 8 tickets for you on the train leaving at 7:54 and arriving at 8:43. Your reference number is NFDWJXJO .
Unfortunately there are no North Indian restaurants in the centre of Cambridge. Is there a different area or type of cuisine that would suit you as well?
There are several options available in center Cambridge. I would be happy to assist with your reservation. What price range restaurant are you interested in?
There are 4 options - dojo noodle bar, yippee noodle bar, j restaurant, and kymmoy. Would you like me to book a table at one of those?
The address is 40210 Millers Yard City Centre. Is there anything else I can help you with?
Thank you for using our service. Have a wonderful day.
Yes, there are 11 museums in the centre of town. What other information would you like?
I definitely recommend the Williams Art and Antiques. It's free to get in. They are located on Gwydir Street, No. 5 Dale's Brewery. The postcode is cb12lj.
Is there anything else I can help you with today?
You're welcome, enjoy your visit.
Which part of Cambridge would you like to stay in?
There are 11 moderately priced guesthouses available. What area of town would you like to stay in?
Is there a number of stars you prefer?
I booked a room at a and b guest house and the reference number is ADA90O74 .
The Cherry Hinton Village Centre is a multi-sport attraction on the Eastside. Do you need their address or phone number?
Its postal code is cb19ej.
Alright. Hope you have a lovely day!
Why yes. Two in the centre of town and three in the west.
I'd recommend Christ's College because it has free entrance. So does Clare Hall, Emmanuel College, Hughes Hall, and Jesus College. Along with a few others.
Their address is saint andrew's street and their phone number is 01223334900. Can I help you with anything else today?
Sure I can help you with that. Do you have a price range and do you know what area you want to stay in?
I have 2 options for you. Both are hotels in the north. They are both 2 stars and offer free parking and wifi. They are the Ashley Hotel and Lovell Lodge.
You are all set! Your reference number for your booking is EDL2AH3X . Is there anything else I can help you with?
Thank you for using our system today!
I have found 19 possible hotels for you to stay in. To narrow our search, which area would you like to stay in, and what type of hotel would you like?
Ok, I've narrowed it down to 5 guesthouses. Is there a price range you would prefer?
I highly recommend the warkworth house. It has everything you are looking for!
The phone is 01223363682 and the postcode is cb11ee, can I help with anything else?
Where will you be departing from?
I have train TR4204 leaving at 7:39 and arriving at 9:07.
Booking was successful, the total fee is 66.4 GBP payable at the station . Reference number is : AJFNCH3H .
Can I assist you with anything further?
Thank you for contacting us and have a nice day.
There are 202 trains to cambridge on friday. What is your departure station and preferred travel time?
There is a train meeting your criteria and is leaving at 19:29.
The travel time is 38 minutes. Would you like to book this?
We have many expensive restaurants in the center of town. What type of cuisine interests you?
The local flavor would be British. There are three options meeting your criteria. Would you like me to book one for you?
Fitzbillies Restaurant is delicious, expensive, and centrally located. The address is 51 Trumpington Street City Centre. Is there anything else I can help you with?
Thank you for using our service. Have a wonderful day!
I'd be happy to help with that. What day and time are you traveling?
Do you need to arrive by a certain time?
TR8699 leaves at 12:40 on Monday. Would you like to book a ticket?
I have booked your train for 5 and your reference number is A85FTGK4 . Can I help you with anything else today?
You are welcome! Have fun! Goodbye!
When will you be traveling?
The train that will arrive closest to your preferred time is TR9637. It arrives in Cambridge at 09:23. Does that work for you?
It leaves at 06:40. Would you like me to book it for you?
I want to confirm you want to book one seat on the train, is this correct?
I have 24 guesthouse. Is there a certain side of town or price range you have in mind?
There are three 4-star guesthouses in the east in your price-range. Will you need free parking?
I have the A and B Guest House, the Carolina Bed and Breakfast, and lastly the Warkworth House. The only difference between them is the A&B has no free parking.
sure, I have booked it foe you. Reference number is : HD6BM9RU .
Enjoy the rest of your day, and your stay in Cambridge.
There are four possibilities, one is a hotel and the others are guesthouses. Do you have a preference for one or the other?
Only one is located in the centre. The cityroomz which also has free wifi. Would you be interested in booking this hotel?
What night would you like to begin your stay?
I have booked the cityroomz hotel for 2 nights, starting this Tuesday, for 6 people.
I apologize I don't have the price. It is in the moderate price range however.
Your reference number is : EB05KFXV . Will there be anything else today?
There are three Turkish restaurants, all in the center of town. The Meze Bar is expensive, but the other two are more moderate. Would you like to book a table?
Your table will be reserved for 15 minutes. The reference number is XZX9AGML .
You are welcome. Have a nice day!
The arbury lodge guesthouse is a 4 star hotel in the north area at a moderate price range and includes internet and parking. Would you like me to book it?
Your booking was successful. The Reference number is : 4HWMO5PZ .
welcome again next time
Great Saint Mary's Chruch is located in the centre of town on Market Square. They have an entrance fee of 2 pounds. Do you need reservations?
Sure! The postcode for Great St Mary's Church is cb23pq and the phone number is 01223350914. Is there any way that I can assist you further?
i sure can! what's your destination?
what time do you want to leave ?
There are many trains available. What is your departure day and time?
There are five trains leaving hourly at 16 minutes past the hour from norwich to cambridge that will arrive by 11:30. The first leaves at 5:16. Do you have a preference?
Departure time is 5:16 and the travel time is 79 minutes. Can I be of any further assistance today?
There are 13 attractions in the west part of town. There are several museums. Would you be interested in any of those?
Sorry, I have no cinemas in the west. Would you be interested in another area or another attraction, perhaps?
There are five different colleges in the west. Does the entrance fee make a difference to you?
Clare College is 2.50 and their phone number is 01223333200
Will you be needing anything else today?
We are happy to help. Thank you for using our service. Have a great day!
I have a cheap guesthouse, 2 moderately priced guesthouses, and 1 expensive hotel - do you have a preference?
Yes, that would be Rosa's Bed and Breakfast. It has a 4-star rating and offers free wifi and parking. Would you like me to book you a room?
What day and how long should I book this for?
Your booking was successful. Reference numbr is Y113FEV7 . Can I assist you with anything else today?
You're welcome. Enjoy your time in Cambridge!
I have 5 different hotels that meet your needs. Is there a certain area you prefer to stay in?
Yes, all of these hotels include parking.
I would be happy to book a room for you. I need to know when you plan to arrive, and how many people will be in your party.
The Gonville Hotel is located at Gonville Place. The phone number is 01223366611 and the postcode is cb11ly. It is a 3 star hotel.
I have a train that arrives in Cambridge at 13:32. All other trains arrive after 14:30. Would you like me to book that for you?
The departure time for the TR0354 train is 12:32, it then arrives at 13:32.
You're welcome. Enjoy your stay in Cambridge.
Okay, I'll help you with that. Do you have a price range in mind?
The Acorn Guesthouse located in the north offers free parking and is in moderate pricing range. Would you like me to book a room for you?
of course, how many nights will you be staying?
How many people will be staying and what is the starting day you will need?
Booking was successful. Reference number is : 1KAYW650 . Can I help you with anything else?
The Acorn Guest House offers free parking as well as free Wifi. Can I help with anything else?
Booking was successful. The table will be reserved for 15 minutes. Reference number is : AK8Y5GX6 . Can I help with anything else today?
Thank you for contacting us and have a nice day.
I can book you one that leaves at 05:00 and you will arrive by 05:51 will that be alright?
There are 5 trains that meet those criteria. One leaves at 18:01. Want to book it?
Booking was successful, the total fee is 17.89 GBP payable at the station. Your reference number is NATKMF2I . Would you like help finding anything else?
There are 44 attractions in the centre. Would you like the information for the Vue cinema or maybe a museum?
Vue cinema is located at the grafton centre, east road, phone number is 08712240240, and the entrance fee is unknown.
Thank you, please let me know if you need anything else.
Sure! when would you like to arrive?
Okay. Where are you departing from, please?
You are booked for a yellow Honda with the contact number 07575380490. Is there anything else?
Great! Have a nice day!
I like acorn guest house. Need me to book a room?
It is indeed in the north, and includes complimentary parking. They're moderately priced and have a 4 star rating.
The postcode for Acorn Guesthouse is cb41da. Would you like my help booking a room there?
Where are you leaving from?
What's your destination?
TR9408 leaves Kings Lynn at 18:11. Does that work for you or would you prefer the next train, which leaves at 19:11?
The total travel time is 47 minutes and it's 7.84 pounds per ticket. Would you like me to book a ticket for you?
Okay. Can I help you with anything else?
You're welcome, Have a great day.
We have four, from the Cambridge Corn Exchange to the Cambridge Arts Theatre.
Their postcode is cb23qe. What else may I help you with?
i found the resturant you need. Shall i book it ?
I set up that reservation for you, your reference number is: PC3LTRM3 . Can I help you with anything else?
OK, I'm glad we could be of service to you today! Enjoy your time in Cambridge!
cambridge university botanic gardens is located at bateman street.
Sure. Postcode cb21jf on Bateman Street. It is 4 pounds to get in.
I am happy to help, I just need the day you will be taking that train.
I have the TR6590 leaving at 12:16 how many tickets please?
Sure, it will arrive at 13:35 and it costs 17.60 pounds.
About an hour and 15 minutes.
Is there anything else I can help you with today?
You're welcome. Have a great day!
There are options for British food as well as Asian and African food in that price range. Which sounds most appealing to you?
Okay, how about the Bedouin? It's in the centre of town and has African food.
It's all booked, your reference is ZNL8D0EG
We have 19 trains leaving for Broxbourne on Friday beginning at 05:01. Do you have a preference?
There is a train leaving at 5:01 and arriving at 6:01 for 17.90 pounds.
How about the 16:01 train? It will arrive at 17:01. If you would like, I can order your tickets.
Yeah, train TR6549 leaves from Cambridge at 06:01
Your train is booked for 6 and the reference number is TDIPDCJW . Can I help you with anything else?
Ok, great! Have a wonderful day!
You're very welcome!
I am sorry, but this hotel is not in my records. There is another hotel that is very nice it calls Super 5.
Sorry about that - the Arbury Lodge guesthouse is, in fact, in my database. Your room is reserved, reference #N3CVYHHJ . Can I help with anything else today?
I'm glad we could help. Thank you for using the Cambridge TownInfo centre.
We have several options available. Is there a certain area of town you're looking for? If not, I recommend Graffiti in the west.
It is all booked, reference number is S3Q9J1KJ
You're very welcome. Goodbye!
I have two options available Pizza Hut Cherry Hinton serving Italian and Restaurant Alimentum which serves modern european. Which would you prefer?
Your reservation is all set. Your reference number is R5SKT4Z3 . Do you need anything else?
What time and departure site would you like to have?
Train TR4170 arrives in Cambridge at 10:54, would you like to reserve a ticket?
Train TR4170 leaves Leicester at 09:09 and arrives in Cambridge at 10:54. The duration of the trip is 105 minutes. The price is 37.80 pounds.
Thank you for using the service today!
Sure, are you interested in Chinese food?
There is the Charlie Chan, Rice House and Golden House. Would you like to book a table at one of these?
What day and time, and for how many people, would you like to book?
All right, I've booked that for you. Your reference number is IYQ8FY20 . Can I help you with anything else?
Thank you, have a great time.
thanh binh is a vietnamese restaurant in the west area.17 Magdalene Street City Centre
I have one listing in the cheap range for thanh binh.
I'd love to help. How many people and what day and time?
Your table for 1 at thanh binh this monday at 18:15 was successful. The table will be reserved for 15 minutes. Your Reference number is : LRUWVEYZ .
The Kirkwood House is a 4 star guesthouse in the north part of town. It is of moderate price range and includes internet and parking.
their phone number is 01223306283. what else could you love to know about them?
you are welcome. enjoy!
Ah, yes. It's an expensive asian oriental restaurant in the centre. Would you like me to book for you?
What time do you need that booking at?
Booking was successful. Your reference number is LPD0DLPX .
I have museums, architecture, theaters and cinema just to name a few.
I have the vue cinema located at the grafton centre, east road.
I am sorry but there is no information on their entrance fee. Is there anything else you would like to know?
the phone number is 08712240240. anything else?
Enjoy your visit! Let us know if we can be of any further assistance.
Yes, the Limehouse is a moderately priced guesthouse on the north side. What other information can I get for you?
I'm glad I could help.
There are 10 train departures that may match your needs. The earliest train departs at 5:17. Does this work for you or would you like a different time in particular?
Yes, TR2417 arrives at 12:08. Would you like me to book it?
TR2417 is 23.60 pounds, would you like to book a seat?
Yes it is.
TR2417 departs at 11:17. Do you need any further assistance?
Thanks! Have a nice day!
Ok. What is your destination?
Will you be going to the cafe or leaving from the cafe?
Okay, what time do you want to leave?
Alright. I have you booked for a red audi and the contact number is 07337294462. Anything else I can help with?
You're welcome. Have a great time!
There are 11 British restaurants. What price ranges do you want?
I would recommend cotto, they are moderately priced, would you like more info on them?
their phone number is 01223302010
Absolutely, there address is 183 East Road City Centre cb11bg. Is there anything else I may help you with today?
Do you know of any hotels in the area that meet my standards?
alexander bed and breakfast is the only matching all your requirements. Can I book it for you?
The address is 56 saint barnabas road.
For how many people & what time do you want to leave & arrive?
Please look for a black Volvo. The contact number is: 07902240237. What else can I assist you with today?
I reserved a yellow volvo for you. The driver can be reached at 07325574995. Is there anything else I can help you with?
Great. Thank you for calling. Have a great day. Goodbye.
Yes, I can find that for you. What would you like to know about the restaurant?
Yes there is; would you like me reserve for you?
yes i have booked. Reference number is : KFCJHKZX .any ay i can help you further?
great! there are many to choose from! do you like art?
There are so many great museums all over the city, what area do you think you would like to go to?
I'd recommend the Cafe Jello Gallery. It's located in the west. Would you like more information?
There's no charge to get in and their phone number is 01223312112. Is there anything else I can do for you today?
Okay, you are all set. Look out for a White Honda. The contact number is 07655899394. Can I assist you any further?
Have a lovely day, goodbye.
ok, what price range would you like to stay within?
don pasquale pizzeria in the centre is pretty ritzy I hear, definitely in the expensive range.
OK, the table will be reserved for 15 minutes. Your reference number is: JAZSISF7 . Anything else I can do for you today?
Sure, there's a tonne of attractions in the city centre, any specific type you're looking to visit?
I recommend The Cambridge Punter. It's a nice boating attraction in the center, located at 251a chesterton road.
Is there anything else I can be of help with today?
Please do not hesitate to give me a call if your require additional assistance.
Yes, I can help you with that. What is your price range?
How many stars would you like it to have?
I will go ahead and book you at the Archway House. Booking was successful. Reference number is : GJA79LYP . Is there anything else I can help you with today.
I am showing five trains departing at; 15:29, 17:29, 19:29, 21:29, and 23:29. Would you like me to book one of those?
It has been booked for you and your reference number is P56PSPSX .
You are quite welcome, goodbye!
I'm sorry. There is no matching restaurant. Do you want to try a different area or food type?
I'm sorry there are no hungarian restaurants coming up anywhere. Is there another type of cuisine you'd like me to look for?
There are 5 of them. I hear the Cocum is very good. Would you be interested in booking it?
Great, what day, time, and number of people would you like to book for at Cocum?
I'm sorry that time slot is not available that day. Would you care to try for a different time or day perhaps?
I was able to get you a table for 7 at Cocum on Monday at 10:45. Reference number is : AZ2DU7IR . Can I be of any further assistance today?
Hobsons House is a moderately-priced, 3-star guesthouse in the west. It offers free internet and parking. Would you like me to book this for you?
Certainly. Hobsons House is located at 96 Barton Road. It's phone number is 01223304906. Is there anything else I can help you with today?
I have your taxi scheduled to arrive in time for your parties reservation. Is there antying else I can take care of for you?
Certainly Booked car type blue bmw, and Contact number 07581556997. Is there anything else I can help you with today?
Thank you for booking with us and have a great day.
Hi, there are five in the centre. Were you looking for free architecture attractions?
I really like old schools on trinity lane.
The postcode is cb21tt, the phone number is 01223332320, and the entrance fee is free.
There are 133 trains available. Could you give me the day and time you would like to travel?
I can book you a train for Friday leaving at 5:11 and arriving at 5:58. Would you like to book it?
Excellent! You're booked with reference number NKD56Z46 . May I help with anything else?
You're welcome, if you need anything else I'll be happy to help. Goodbye.
Alright. What day are you making this trip, and where would you like to travel to?
Train TR1600 leaves Cambridge at 20:11 and arrives in Kings Lynn at 20:58. Would that work?
I was able to book 7 tickets for that train for you. Your reference number is EFJ3B73Z . Is there anything else I can assist you with?
Well, it's a moderately priced 4 star guesthouse on the south side of town. Are you interested in booking a stay there?
Your confirmation number is VF2708M3 .
Thank you and enjoy your stay!
A and b guest house is in the moderate price range.
I apologize, but there are no guest houses in Cambridge that are both four star and at the east end of Cambridge.
Actually, there are 6 4-star guesthouses in the east. Do you have a price preference?
Carolina Bed and Breakfast is in the moderate price range and has free parking. Would you like me to book that for your now?
What day do you want to book it, how many days and how many people? 3 museums are free admission and one museum is pounds.
Are you looking in the East? Most museums are free, but the Cambridge Museum of Technology does charge 5 pounds.
If area doesn't matter, then there are 23 museums available. The Cambridge Artworks is in the east and is free. Would you like additional information?
Goodbye, Thank You For Everything
I can help you with that! Is there a specific area you prefer to stay in?
There are nine options that meet your criteria. Would you like a recommendation or do you want to narrow it down further?
Will you have other guests with you?
Booking was successful at the allenbell. The Reference number is : BY6E1MTC .
Where will you be departing from?
TR3158 arrives in cambridge from broxbourne at 13:32. Would you like me to book it for you?
TR3158. This train leaves at 13:32. It has a travel time of 60 minutes. What else would you like to know?
Fantastic. Have a wonderful day.
Certainly. And where would you like the taxi to take you?
Ok, what time do you want to leave?
We will have a white tesla with the contact number 07280793126 ready for you.
The Cambridge Belfry is located in the west and rated 4 stars. Would you like their address? I can also book a stay for you if you would like.
What day do you want me to book it for? And how many days?
Your rooms for 8 at the Cambridge Belfry have been reserved. Your reference number is 0XQV7RNY . Can I help with anything else?
There are several trains that meet your criteria. Is there a particular time you would like to leave?
Booking was a success! Your reference number is ATTE8GFK . what else can I help you with?
Glad to help! Enjoy your day.
Were you interested more in something like night clubs or museums, or boats? Or something totally different?
There are lots of options in that area. How about a church?
May I suggest All Saints Church, it has really great architecture? It's located at Jesus Lane, cb58bs. Is there anything else I can help you with?
I have many places. A specific type of food perhaps?
Stazione restaurant and coffee bar is a great place to eat. Would you like a reservation?
Yes, the phone number is 01223352607.
Have a nice day. Is there anything else I can help you with.
Yes, people are talking about it. Saint John's Chop House is a moderately-priced restaurant in the west part of town that serves British food. Would you like to book a table?
They are located at 21 - 24 Northampton Street, postcode cb30ad and phone number 01223353110.
there is adc theatre, cambridge arts theatre, mumford theatre and the cambridge corn exchange theatre, which one could you prefer?
How about ADC Theatre on park street, cb58as?
we don't have that information with us
Are you certain you do not need anything else?
Thank you for calling the Cambridge TownInfo centre. Enjoy your stay.
Ok no problem, where will you be coming from and what will be the date & time?
The TR0788 departing Broxbourne for Cambridge on Wednesday on 05:32 may suit you. Would you like to book a seat or need more information?
Actually, I recommend TR5972. It will arrive in Cambridge at 16:32, which is much closer to your preferred time. The total ride duration is 60 minutes.
Would you like me to book it for you?
I'll be happy to help you. Let's start with a bit more information. What area of town and price range are you wanting?
There are 7 that fit your criteria. All of them are 4 star hotels with the exception of one. Should I choose one for you?
i recommend hamilton lodge. can i give you their contact?
Hamilton Lodge is located at 156 chesterton road, cb41da. Their phone number is 01223365664. Is there anything else that I can help you with?
Ok! Have a great day!
I have several different options for you in that area! Do you have a certain type in mind?
Wandlebury Country Park is a nice place and has no entrance fee. Would you like more information?
it is listed as a park.
I'd be happy to help with that. Can you tell me what day you would want to start your stay and the number of guests/nights?
Your room is booked, ref #E2FFWUYL . Can I help you with anything else today?
You're welcome and have a good day.
You're welcome. Have a great day.
I would be happy to help you with your request, first I will need to know your destination and what day you would like to travel.
I have on departing at 14:34. Would you like me to book it?
Your booking was successful. That is 132 GBP at the station. Is there anything else I can do for you today?
I'm not showing any eastern european restaurants. Would you like to try a more specific type of food?
I do not have anyone specializing in East European food however I have an expensive place called Eraina that serves European food.
For the train, your reference number is FCRW90KR . Now, on to the restaurant. I have 9 different italian restaurants. Do you have a preference on price range?
I have 4 different restaurants. I have Caffe Uno, Don Pasquale Pizzeria, Clowns Cafe, and Stazione Restaurant and Coffee Bar. Which would you like?
Caffe uno is italian located in centre area and is expensive. The phone number is 01223448620 and address 32 Bridge Street City Centre postcode cb21uj.
If we can help you with anything else in the future, please contact us.
It was great helping you today. Have a great day.
Sure can. We have 13 choices in the north. Any other preferences?
The worth house matches your search criteria and has a 4 star rating. Would you like me to create a booking?
I'm happy to have helped you. Thank you for using Cambridge TownInfo centre. Goodbye!
The phone number for Worth House is 01223316074. Is there anything else I can help you with?
Yes, Worth House has free parking. It doesn't appear there are any cinemas in the west. Would you like me to try another area?
I'm sorry, there are no museums in the west, either. Would you like to try something else?
I have many museums but no cinema. are you looking for a specific type of museum?
We have seven museums on the west side of town.
I believe that would be the Museum of Classical Archaeology on Sidgwick Avenue. Their phone number is 01223335153. Is there anything else I can help you with?
What time would you like to leave the museum or arrive to the hotel by?
Okay. Booked a yellow volkswagen. Contact number: 07289505959.
Goodbye. Please let me know if you need anything else.
The Cambridge Corn Exchange is over on wheeler street.
Certainly, the postcode for The Cambridge Corn Exchange is cb23qe. Do you need any further assistance today?
there are many places. what type of food do you want to eat?
You should try nandos city centre, a cheap portuguese restaurant located at 33-34 Saint Andrews Street. Would you like to reserve a table?
Is there anything else I can assist you with today?
You are welcome, enjoy your day.
Certainly, there are many trains going to Leicester. Where is your departure location?
When would you like to travel?
Okay, and is there a particular departure or arrival time you prefer?
I have train TR9839 that leaves Cambridge at 15:21 and arrives in Leicester at 17:06. Would that suit your needs? If so, I can book you a ticket.
Price is 37.80 pounds and travel time is 105 minutes.
You're very welcome. Would you like me to book a ticket for you on that train?
Okay. Have a great day!
Absolutely. We have many guesthouses and hotels with free Wifi. Any other preferences?
The Ashley Hotel and Lovell Lodge are both 2 star hotels that offer free parking and free wifi.
Your room for 4 guests has been booked at the Ashley Hotel for 2 nights starting on Tuesday. Your reference number is 6HZB65QH . Can I assist you with anything else?
Thank you. Enjoy your stay, goodbye
There are many results for a guesthouse with free wifi, to help narrow the results what area are you looking to stay in?
And will you need parking at the guesthouse?
How do you feel about the A and B Guest House? It covers all your needs and is in the eastern area. Would you like a phone number or address?
I'm sorry that many nights is not available. Could you try a shorter stay or another day perhaps?
Great, I've got you booked on Monday for three nights. The reference number is 8BPFXM28 . Is there anything else I can help you with?
Let us know if we can be of further assistance. Enjoy your stay!
I'm sorry, but there are no singaporean restaurants in all of cambridge. Would you like to try a different type of cuisine?
Sala thong is a thai restaurant on the west side at 35 Newnham Road.
It is expensive. Postcode is cb39ey and phone number is 01223323178.
I've got 5 hotels that meet those criteria. Is there a particular part of town you were interested in staying in?
There are no guesthouses that meet that criteria, would you like information about the hotel options?
There is! Hobsons House is a 3-star, moderately-priced guesthouse with free internet and parking. Would you like me to book it for you?
The postcode for hobsons house is cb39lh, phone 01223304906. Is there anything else I can help you with today?
Thank you. Have a good day, goodbye.
There are two guesthouses on the west side, one cheap and one moderately priced.
Actually, they both offer free wifi and free parking. Finches B & B is cheaper, and the Hobsons House is more moderately priced. Which do you prefer?
I've booked your stay. Do you need anything else?
Sure thing, your reference number is E7R5KNP0 . Would you like me to help you find anything else today?
Thank you for using Cambridge TownInfo Centre. Have a wonderful day!
I would be happy to help you with that. What price range and area are you looking to dine in?
They are an expensive Italian restaurant located at 12 Market Hill City Centre. Do you want additional information? I can make a booking for you also.
I have made your booking and the reference number is 4854L033 . Is there anything else i can help you with?
Williams Art and Antiques is a museum in city centre with no entrance fee. It's address is: gwydir street, no. 5 dale's brewery, postcode cb12lj, and phone is 01223311687.
Is there anything else I can help you with?
Have a great time.
Please tell me your departure time and location, plus your destination, to help narrow the search.
There are 9 trains that arrive by 14:00 from cambridge. The TR7964 leaves at 5:11 and arrvies at 5:58, would you like me to book that for you?
I have booked 6 tickets on YYS0SW42. Your reference number is BGDEBPQV .
Is there anything else I can do for you today?
Certainly! I have 6 people at the Shiraz restaurant at 11:45 on Monday, ref RVBN1N9M . Will that be everything for today?
You are very welcome. Thank you for using our service!
You're welcome. Goodbye.
Where would you like to travel from?
Ok, I have you a cab booked, you will be riding a red honda and the contact number is 07676649498
No problem, have a great time!
sure, what would you like to know?
TR0275 will leave at 13:29 and arrive by 14:07. Would you like to buy tickets?
Booking was successful, the total fee is 24.24 GBP payable at the station . Reference number is : GI56QB11 . Can I help you with anything else today?
what type of food do u prefer?
how about the cambridge chop house? or midsummer house restaurant?
Booking was successful. The table will be reserved for 15 minutes. Reference number is : YYSLEJ0H .
Thank you for calling Cambridge TownInfo centre! Is there anything else I can help you with today?
You are welcome, call me if you need anything else.
Yes. When will you be departing and where from? And what is your final destination?
What day will you be traveling on?
Train TR8185 departs Cambridge to Norwich at 13:36. Would you like to reserve a ticket?
I have booked your train. It will cost 14.08 GBP. You can pay at the station. Your reference number is RMG9S7N9 .
May I suggest Charlie Chan? It is a good chinese restaurant in the cheap price range.
Booking was successful. The table will be reserved for 15 minutes. Reference number is : KIASVDLX .Is there anything else I can help you with today?
please contact us again in the future. goodbye.
Sure, there is a cinema in the south part of town as well as one in the centre. Do you prefer either?
The Vue Cinema is in the centre of town. The address is The Grafton Centre on East Road, postcode cb11ps, and the phone number is 08712240240.
at what time should the train arrive?
Alright, departure and destination?
TR1728 arrives by 24:07. Would you like a ticket?
Booked, the total fee is 70.7 GBP payable at the station . Reference number: ED1TZF4Q .
Great. Enjoy your trip! Goodbye.
Yes the Riverboat Georgina at Cambridge Passenger Cruisers, Jubilee House postcode cb43ax is beautiful. The phone number is 01223902091 if you would like to call for more information.
Yes, the address is cambridge passenger cruisers, jubilee house. I don't have any information on the entrance fee. Is there anything else I can help with?
Sure, we have golden wok chinese, or the nirala indian in the north part of town. Can I book one for you?
Sure, Golden Wok is at 191 Histon Road Chesterton. The nirala is at 7 Milton Road Chesterton. Is there anything else I can help you with?
You're welcome. Have a great day!
I have! It is located at 191 Histon Road Chesterton. Can I make a reservation for you?
The phone number is 01223350688, it is located on 191 Histon Road Chesterton. Is there anything else I can help you with?
Which are would you like it to be in?
I have the Huntingdon Marriott. may I book that for you?
OK, you're booked and the reference number is 1IJ50X09 . Can I help you with anything else?
The Golden Wok serves Chinese food. It is in the north area and is in the moderate price range. Would you like me to book you a table there?
Thank you for contacting us. If you have any more questions please don't hesitate to ask.
Okay thank you.
I sure can! What kind of food are you looking for?
There are numbers of Italian restaurants. Are you looking for one in any particular area or price range?
I would recommend the Pizza Express, a moderately priced restaurant located at Regent Street City Centre. Do you need to make a reservation?
The phone number is 01223324033.
What is your destination?
and what day are you traveling?
Train TR4390 leaves at 8:09 and arrives at 9:54. Would you like me to book it for you?
Awesome. Glad to have been of help. Thank you for using the Cambridge TownInfo centre. Have a great day.
Unfortunately, I do not have that information. Is there something else I can help you with?
Is there a specific area and cuisine you are looking for?
We have several. Would you like a recommendation?
I recommend Caffe Uno. Would you like more information about it?
Yes, their address is 32 Bridge Street City Centre and their phone number is 01223448620.
Their postcode is cb21uj. May I help you with anything else?
There are 8 options. Do you care about area or price range?
I have several available. Do you have a star preference?
Okay, I recommend gonville hotel. Is there anything else I can help you with?
I have booked that for you. The reservation number is 7HCS66LY . May I help with something else?
Have a wonderful day and enjoy your trip. Goodbye.
Ok, it's located at market square. would you like the phone number?
Sure. It is an architecture attraction in the centre area. The address is Market Square.
I can help you with that. What time and day would you like to travel?
Okay, the TR0160 leaves at 08:06 and is 13.20 pounds per ticket. Would you like me to book this for you?
It's booked! Your reference number is: BU9J8UKF . Can I help you with anything else?
You're welcome, click end chat to end this session and have a great day.
Where are you departing from and what day would you like the train for?
Sure thing. What will your destination be?
you have plenty of trains leaving from 5:17 every second hour onwards. Do you want me to book one?
booking was done for 165.2 GBP, your ref number is UR40DXM4
alywas there if you need me, bye!
I'd be happy to help! Where are you coming from?
And can you tell me your destination please?
What time would you like to leave?
Alright, I have you booked, you will be expecting a grey audi, contact number 07461616519, arriving after 15:45. Is there anything else I can assist you with?
You're welcome, have a great day!
I can definitely help with that - what time would you like to leave and/or arrive?
Great. And can you tell me where you'd like to be picked up from?
Okay, what time would you like to leave?
Ok I have a blue volvo with contact number 07401999983.
You're welcome, will that be all?
It was a pleasure to help you. Goodbye.
Sure, what is the name of the restaurant?
The lan hong house is located in the centre of town.
it is a moderately priced restaurant. would you like me to make you a reservation?
How many people and what day and time?
Yes, sorry for the wait, the postcode is cb13lh.
Ok, to confirm, you'd like a taxi from Lang Hong House to Holiday Inn Cambridge? And what time would you like this for?
You are let, look for an olive green AMC Gremlin. Kidding, look for a yellow tesla, they are reachable at 07749451728, any further questions?
You are welcome. You have a great day as well.
I can help you with that. What info did you need per say?
Yes, they do have internet. Would you like me to make a reservation for you?
I have no info on this attraction, is it known by another name?
Tenpin is an entertainment attraction on the south side of town at Cambridge Leisure Park, Clifton Way. Kirkwood House is a guesthouse. Do you need more information?
Before i let you go, I just want to make sure that you do not need anymore info or a booking on the attraction or hotel?
Thank you, have a good stay.
This is a swimming pool found in the East . Their phone number is 01223902088.
I'm sorry, I don't have that information. Would you like their phone number again?
The information I have doesn't include a entrance fee. Can I help you with anything else?
Home from Home is a guesthouse in the North. It is a moderately priced and has a 4 star rating. Is there anything else I can help you with?
They do have internet and they are moderately priced.
The address is 78-80 Milton Road.
Do you want me to book a room for Home from Home?
I have two restaurants that fit your criteria, Restaurant Two Two and Cote. Which can I book for you?
No, those are both in the expensive price range. Are either of those acceptable?
I am sorry. There are no restaurants which meet that criteria in the centre of town. Would you like me to search for other options?
It looks like there are three: jinling noodle bar (01223566188, postcode cb23pp), lan hong house (01223350420, postcode cb12lf), and shanghai family restaurant (01223301761, postcode cb11dg)
There are 18 moderately priced hotels with vacancies. Do you have any other criteria for choosing a hotel?
Cityroomz is a hotel in town centre and moderately priced. It also offers internet. Would you like me to make a reservation for you?
Of course, the address is sleeperz hotel, station road, it has a zero star rating, does this fit your needs?
You're welcome. May I help you with anything else?
Thank you. You as well.
Yes. There are a total of 202 trains leaving for Cambridge on Wednesday. Where will you be departing from?
The TR4203 is leaving from Norwich to Cambridge at 05:16. Would you like to book a ticket?
Your booking has been completed, the reference number is FH111ZQU .
There are 69 results for restaurants in the city centre area. What type of food are you looking for, and what price range?
How about dojo noodle bar? It meets your requirements.
I'm very sorry I was not able to book for that time, would you like to try for a different time or day?
Great, I have you booked at 17:15 with reference number GXKQHW3C . The table will be reserved for 15 minutes. May I help you with anything else?
Thank you for using our system!
Acorn Guest House is a 4-star guesthouse in the North part of town, at 154 Chesterton Road. It is moderately-priced, and has internet and parking. Shall I book a room?
And how many nights would your party like to stay?
I was able to succesfully book your room for 8 people and 5 nights. Your reference number is : GCBICIA1 .
what time should the train leave
I have a 21:17 departure. Would you like a booking?
Booked! Your reference number is OXVTBQHH .
Enjoy your stay.
I found five expensive hotels with free parking. What part of town are you wanting to stay in?
I would like a guesthouse with free parking. Do any of those 5 fit that?
I'm sorry, there are no expensive guesthouses with free parking. Would you like to change one of your parameters and search for a moderate guesthouse?
I have the Archway house, it is a guesthouse in the moderate price range and has free parking.
The phone number is 01223575314. What price range would you like the persian restaurant to be?
The Archway house is in the north area and the postcode is cb43pe.
There are no persian restaurants. Would you like to try something else?
Sure I have three restaurants to choose from. Do you have a price range preference?
I have found 2 restaurants, The Varsity or Bloomsbury. Which one would you prefer.
The varsity restaurant does, reference number is SPYMN3FB
You are quite welcome! Is there anything else I can assist you with today?
You are welcome! Goodbye!
It is located at 5 greens road and doesn't have an entrance fee.
Certainly. It is located at 5 greens road and the phone number is 01223902168. Do you need anything else?
warkworth house is still open and is located in the east side of town
It has been booked. Your reference number is RJVSKC1K . Is there anything else I can help you with today?
Great I 'm glad I Could help.
I'd be happy to help. What day of the week will you be travelling?
Okay and where will you be departing from?
Train TR8192 leaves that day at 05:29 and arrives at 06:07. Would you like me to book anything for you?
it costs 10.10 pounds..
Do you have a specific area you'd like it to be in or would you like me to make a recommendation?
How about Michaelhouse Cafe in the centre area of town?
The address is St. Michael's Church Trinity Street City Centre
Booking was successful. The table will be reserved for 15 minutes. Reference number is : 02MGQL1A . Is there anything else ?
you are welcome.
Absolutely. Panahar is a more expensive indian restaurant. It is located at 8 Norfolk Street City Centre. Their postal code is cb12lf. Their phone number is 01223355012.
Yes, I can, for how many people and what time on Friday?
Booking was unfortunately unsuccessful. Can we try another day or time slot?
The 10:00 slot at Panahar was available. Your reference number is 12RTYGZ7 . Is there anything else I can help you with?
I'm glad I could assist you.
We have 5 options available to you. Is there a specific time you would like to leave at?
Do you have a certain time you would like to leave?
Train TR0927 leaves around 13:29 and arrives at 14:07. Can I book that for you?
I was able to get you 8 tickets. Your reference number is V8TPCK8Y . The total is 80.8 GBP, and you can pay at the station. Anything else?
Either Rajmahal or Curry Prince would be good choices. Shall I try to book you a table at one of them?
I got that table at the Rajmahal for you for Thursday at 13:00 for 8 people. Anything else for you?
Certainly. Your reference number is 1NNVZZQI . Can I help with something else?
The pleasure was all mine. Thanks for using the Cambridge TownInfo centre!
There are a total of 23 museums in Cambridge. Is there a particular area of town you are wanting to visit?
I'm sorry, there isn't a downtown area listed. Would you like north, south, east, west or centre?
Byard Art is a museum that is located in the South. It is free to enter and the phone number is 01223464646.
Yes, would you like me to make a reservation?
All set. Your reference number is P1SJ79YB .
We are happy to help. Enjoy your stay!
I'm sorry but there are no restaurants in that area that serve Crossover food. Can I help you find one in a different area?
No, I am so sorry but there are no restaurants that match that description.
De luca cucina and bar is available would you like to try that?
Yes, their postcode is cb21aw, address is 83 Regent Street, and phone number is 01223356666. Can I help you with anything else?
There are many trains making that trip, do you have a day and time you would like to travel?
I do have train TR3312 that departs at 11:59 and arrives by 13:27. Would that be something that would work for you?
Is there anything else I can help you with today?
Okay great. Glad I could help.
There are 29 hotels that meet your needs. Would you like to narrow your search by area and/or price range?
The Ashley Hotel is in the north area of town in the moderate price range with internet and parking. Would you like to book a room?
The booking for Ashley Hotel was successful. Reference number is : 0M3JW724 .
I'm very sorry but there are no restaurants serving Christmas food in the centre. Is there another area I could look in for you, or another type of cuisine?
I am very sorry, but there are are no restaurants that serve expensive Christmas food in the centre. Are you sure you don't want me to look in another area?
There are several Indian options in the expensive price range in the town centre. How about The Golden Curry?
Of course! The Golden Curry can be reached at 01223329432. May I help you with anything else?
Sure! Look for a white volvo to pick you up. In case you need it, the contact number is 07979170593. May I help you with anything else?
Thank you. Enjoy your visit.
The Lucky Star is located at Leisure Park Clifton Way Cherry Hinton. Would you like to book there?
All booked! Your reference number is S0FC5MN8 .
There are 14 total hotels in cambridge that meet these specifications. Is there a particular part of town you are interested in staying in?
There are 12 such guesthouses. Do you have a preference on star rating?
I recommend the Acorn Guest House. If you let me know the number of people staying, your arrival day, and how many nights, I'll happily book a room for you.
It is rated 4 stars. Should I book it?
Of course, will that be all for today?
Excellent. Have a great rest of your day!
Where are you departing from?
Do you have a day you would like to travel?
The latest train arrives at 17:52 on a Wednesday, departs at 17:35 and the cost of the ticket is 4.40 pounds.
Okay. Let us know if we can be of further assistance.
In the north, I have 4 attractions. Two are swimming pools. I also have a park and a boating attraction. Do you have a preference?
Absolutely! The address for riverboat georgina is cambridge passenger cruisers, jubilee house. I do not have any information on their entrance fee listed though.
Sure, what day and time would you like me to find out about?
TR9178 will arrive at 10:07, would that work for you?
I can go ahead and book that for you. How many tickets are you needing to purchase?
Your booking was succesful and the total fee is 10.1 GBP. Reference number is G3QFX52V . May I help you with anything else today?
Have a great day. Goodbye.
I have dozens, what type would you prefer?
Nusha is in the south. They are located at Unit G6, Cambridge Leisure Park, Clifton Road. Their postcode is cb17dy. Their phone number is 01223902158.
What area would you like to stay in?
Okay, there are many that fit that, what is your price-range?
Unfortunately, we do not have such specific price ranges, but our options are divided into 3 categories: cheap, moderate or expensive. Which would you prefer?
The Arbury Lodge Guesthouses is a beautiful 4 star guesthouse in the north that is moderately priced with free wifi and parking. Can I make a reservation for you?
Yes, the postcode for the arbury lodge guesthouse is cb42je. Anything else I can help you with?
I can help you with that. Do you have a time when you need to leave or arrive by?
I have a taxi scheduled to pick you up at Nusha at 11:30. It will be a grey skoda. The contact number is 07760653408.
No, thank you for your interest in Cambridge!
What hotel are you interested in?
Home from Home is a 4 star, guesthouse type hotel.
I'll be more than happy to help you book the train. What day do you want to leave?
I have trains available would you like me to book that for you?
leave at 5:21 and arrive by 6:10 for 12.80 pounds
How many seats do you need me to book?
You're welcome, have a good day.
I can definitely help you with that. What do you want to know?
Sure! There are 202 trains heading into Cambridge on Monday. Do you have a particular departure location?
TR5825 arrives in Cambridge at 16:43. Would you like me to book a ticket?
I found 21 different hotels that are 4 stars and have free internet. Is there a particular area you would like for me to check?
Due to the number of places matching your description, I'd like to narrow the results down. What is your price range and do you prefer a hotel or a guesthouse?
I'm sorry there are no results for 4 star hotels with free internet in the moderate price range. Would a guesthouse be suitable for you?
Will you need parking while you're there?
Please specify the area of town that you'd like to stay in.
I have booked you a room at the Acorn Guest House, I think you'll like it. Reference number is : 5EPGQ1MR .
Not a problem! Anything else I can help you with?
i appreciate you our customer
I hope you have a wonderful stay, and please feel free to holler if you need anything else! Goodbye!
Fantastic! There are many attractions in the centre of town. I'd suggest checking out the architecture at All Saints Church on Jesus Lane. It has free entrance. Would that work?
All Saints is on Jesus Lane and the phone number is 01223452587. Can help with anything else today?
It is a architecture type of attraction. Can I answer any other questions?
It's an expensive British restaurant in the center of town.
Unfortunately, the booking was unsuccessful. Would you like to try for a different time?
Okay, that worked! You're reference number is 5E9ZFFML .
Have a wonderful day!
Okay! You can choose Cherry Hinton Hall and Grounds or Funky Fun House. Do either of these appeal to you?
8 mercers row, mercers row industrial estate is their address, and their postcode is cb58hy. I don't have their entrance fee, unfortunately.
Definitely! La tasca is a spanish restaurant in the centre of town in the moderate price range.
Absolutely! The postcode is cb21uf. Would you like to book a reservation?
Thank you for contacting the Cambridge TownInfo centre. Have a great day!
Where will you be leaving from and what is your destination?
Booking completed! A yellow tesla will be arriving at 21:00. The contact number is 07398361286. Thank You!
You as well!
I have several possibilities for Monday. Can you specify your destination so I can narrow down my search?
OK, when do you want to leave or arrive by?
There is train leaving at 07:40 that will arrive at 10:23,do you want that train?
Booked 1 ticket! Reference number: TFI0LLL4 . Fee is 75.09 GBP to be paid at the station.
I was able to find it on 4 - 6 Rose Crescent in the centre of town.
They are all booked up during that slow. Could you do it at another time or on another day?
Booking was successful. The table will be reserved for 15 minutes. Reference number is : 3L30ZTQN . Is there anything else you need help with?
Your welcome! Have a good day.
Arbury lodge guesthouse is in the north at address 82 arbury road and postcode cb42je.
Of course, the booking was successful. Your reference number is 5OFERHDV . Is there anything else I can help you with?
Certainly. And you wanted to ride that train into Cambridge, am I correct? Would that be on Saturday, as well?
Okay, your booking was successful. I booked 3 tickets on train TR6454, leaving at 13:11. The reference number is C3FG89HA .
Okay. I am glad I could be of assistance today.
Great, what time are you thinking?
From where will you depart?
Would you like to leave at 19:00?
What day would you like to travel?
TR9039 leaves at 19:00 and arrives at 19:51. Would you like me to book you seats?
I have booked 5 train tickets for you as requested. Your reference number is FF0FHUBJ . May i assist you in finding info regarding Williams Art & Antiques?
It is a museum located in the centre. Is there anything else you would like to know?
You're welcome. Have a great day.
I have a place by the name of Bedouin, it serves african cuisine in the centre and is the expensive price range.
Their address is 100 Mill Road City Centre
The lovely Leverton House is a guesthouse located in the East. Would you like me to help you book a room?
Okay, great. How many people would you like to book for?
Booking was successful. Reference number is : W9Z7QF9Y . is there anything else i could help you with?
enjoy your stay in cambridge!
I'm sorry there are no hotels that fit that criteria. would you like a different amount of stars?
There are 3 and 4 star hotels.
I have 18 different hotels in the moderate price range. Is there a certain area you would like?
I have the cityroomz hotel would you like to make reservations?
I have made those reservations and your reference number is 29Q1X35W .
I'm sorry there are no entertainment attractions in the centre. Would you like to try another type of attraction or area?
There are 11 options to choose from. I'd recommend the Castle Galleries. Would you like more information?
I'm sorry, but again, there are no entertainment attractions in the centre. Would you like to search in other areas?
There are 5 options, I recommend old schools, would you like more information?
Old Schools is located on Trinity Lane.
Have a nice day.
Of course! It's an expensive chinese restaurant in the centre, at Napier Street City Centre cb11hr. May I help with anything else?
I can attempt to book a reservation for you. What date are you looking for?
You're booked for that time and your reference number is BE3T5WY3 . What destination do you have in mind for your train?
Train TR4541 is leaving Cambridge to Broxbourne on Sunday at 15:01 and arriving at 6:01. It costs 14.32 pounds. Should I book it for you?
Anything else that I can assist with today?
Alright, have a great day!
I have trains departing cambridge to birmingham new street Wednesday every hour starting at 5:01, is there a particular time you would like to depart at?
I can get you there at 16:44, if you like. TR8860 will depart cambridge at 14:01. Would you like to book tickets on that train?
That's Train TR8860. Travel time is 163 minutes. The ticket costs 75.10 pounds. Can I help with anything else?
I found 22 restaurants, do you have a preference of area or price range?
I have three locations fitting those criteria. The Kohinoor, The Gandhi, and Mahal of Cambridge. Should I book you at any of these locations?
I'm sorry, there are no tables available at Kohinoor at that time. Would you like to book another day or time?
Okay, you're booked for 11:15. Your reference number is FN32JWUO . Can I help with anything else?
Sure, when do you want to be picked up?
Thank you for using our system!
I have 23 options available for guesthouses that offer WiFi. What area of town are you looking to stay in?
There are three choices, bridge guest house in the south, hamilton lodge in the north and hobsons house in the west, all are moderately priced. any preference?
All 3 meet your criteria, could we narrow them by a location preference?
I'm partial to Hamilton Lodge on the north side of town on 156 Chesterton Rd. Would you like me to reserve a room for you?
sure, what are you interested in?
What area would you like the entertainment in? The east, south, or west?
funky fun house is located in the east, the phone number is 01223304705 and the entrance fee is unknown. Can I help with anything else today?
Thank you for contacting us and have a nice day.
There are 33 restaurants that fit your criteria. Perhaps we can narrow it down. Are you interested in a particular cuisine?
Yes, Bedouin. Their phone number is 01223367660. Can I help you with anything else?
What day are traveling and how many people?
TR1965 arrives at 18:52. Would this work?
Yes it is going to Cambridge. Would you like to book this train?
10.10 pounds 28 minutes
Have a nice day, goodbye.
Sure! when would you like to arrive?
And what is your destination please?
Okay, I have a black ford with the contact number 07735467542.
You're welcome. May I help you with anything else?
You're welcome, have a wonderful time!
I have found the place you are looking for. It is located in the centre of town and has a moderate price range. Would you like the address?
It is located at 15-19 Trumpington Street, postcode cb21qa, located within the city centre. Would you like me to book a reservation for you?
There are trains departing from Birmingham New Street from 05:40 and every hour past that time. What time would you like to travel?
I have eight trains that will arrive by 13:45. What time would you like to depart?
Would you like me to book that for you?
I have booked at train leaving at 5:40 for you. The total cost will be 75.09 GBP and your reference number is DA1PDHXF . Is there anything else I can help with?
You're quite welcome! Have a wonderful day!
The el shaddai is a guesthouse in the centre area. Would you like to make a booking today?
Great choice! Your booking went through without a hitch. Here is your reference number 9NXGN689 . Can I do anything else for you?
I'm not sure I understand. The El Shaddai is considered a cheap guesthouse in the centre part of town. Were you looking for an attraction?
Would you prefer centre or south area?
Club Salsa is a really cool hot spot. They are located in the centre of the city and it's only 5 pounds per person to get in!
I'm happy to be of service, and thank you for using the Cambridge TownInfo Centre!
Where will you leave from?
What time would you like to depart?
Alright I have a grey skoda. The contact number is 07708367606. Is there anything else I can help you with?
Enjoy your visit.
Alright. I will just need to know what the departure site will be please
I'm confused. Are you leaving from Ruskin Gallery or going to Ruskin Gallery?
Alright, where will the taxi be taking you tonight?
Booking completed! Is there anything else I can help you with today? Booked car type : grey honda Contact number : 07402352518
Have a safe trip!
Where would you like to travel from and to?
What time would you like to arrive?
Booking completed! Booked car type : black skoda Contact number : 07209986380
I'm glad we could help. Have a great day!
Where are you departing from?
We have 4 such entries. Do you have a time you'd like to arrive by more specifically?
I can book you on TR9384, leaving broxbourne at 8:32 and arriving in Cambridge at 9:32. How many people will you need tickets for?
Your travel time is 60 minutes. Is there anything else that I can do for you?
Is there a particular room that you would be interested in staying? We currently have 1 guesthouse available.
Unfortunately, I do not have that information, would you like the phone number for Hobsons House to check the rates?
Are you wanting a stay for 8 days or 8 people?
The reference number is THF8S490
It was a pleasure assisting you. Have a wonderful day.
I can help you with that. What are your departing and arrival stations?
I would recommend TR7978 which leaves London Liverpool Street at 15:39 and arrives in Cambridge on Wednesday at 17:07.
I have made those reservations. Your reference number is FN3LCW4X and the total fee is 66.4 GBP payable at the station.
I'm showing 6 restaurants that meet your criteria. Does it matter which part of town its in?
I have 2 in the west, both expensive and serving British food. Would you be interested in either of those?
Sure. I have two great choices for you: Graffiti and Travellers Rest. Do you have a preference?
I recommend the Graffiti restaurant. How many people are in your party, and what time would you like me to book for you?
OK, your booking was successful and your reference number is 8MMCDWTN . Can we help you with anything else today?
Thank you for contacting us and have a nice day.
There are many restaurants in Cambridge! What type of cuisine or price range are you looking for?
There are 2 parks, Wandlebury Country Park and Sheep's Green and Lammas Land Park Fen Causeway. Do you need any additional information?
Neither park has an entrance fee. The phone number for Sheep's Green is 01223302580. Wandlebury's is 01223243830.
I would be happy to book that for you. Which day would you like to dine and do you have a preferred time?
I have booked you a table for 7, at La Mimosa, on Friday evening at 16:00. Is there anything else I can help you with?
Yes, I'm sorry. The reference number is H5KIVRHS . Is there anything else I could help you with?
Thank you for allowing me to assist you with your Cambridge TownInfo adventures. Enjoy you time, please let us know if there's anything we can assist with in the future.
There are five nightclubs that fit your request. The entrance fee for all five nightclubs range from 4 to 5 pounds. Do you want more information?
The fez club is nice. The phone number is 01223519224 and post code is cb23hx. May I help you with anything else today?
Where is your destination for the train and for what day and time?
What time do you need to depart by?
The TR6457 meets your criteria. It leaves at 11:19. Would you like to book tickets?
Sure! The arrival time is 12:09, the travel time is 50 minutes, and it will cost 16.50 pounds per ticket.
You're welcome! Is there anything else I can do for you today?
You're welcome. Please call again if there is any way we can assist you. Goodbye.
There are 9 restaurants that meet your needs. Would you like to narrow it down by price range?
How about Clowns Cafe? They are located at 54 King Street City Centre.
Sorry there is nothing available in that time slot. Another day or time, perhaps?
Booking was successful. The table will be reserved for 15 minutes. Reference number is : 1D9DS240 .
Where are you going to and from?
I'm showing a train that will arrive at 18:10 or one at 16:10. There are also 6 earlier options. Which would you like to book?
Ok great, how many tickets would you like me to book for you? The price for them will be 10.24 pounds.
Train ID: TR4216. It leaves 17:21 and the duration is 49 minutes.
You are welcome. Goodbye.
rice house is a cheap chinese restaurant. Do you need me to get a reservation?
Okay, their phone number is 01223367755. Can I help you with anything else today?
Sure where will you be departing?
I have 8 trains- is there a time you need to be there by?
The arrival time of the TR0998 is 11:07.
How many tickets would you like me to book?
The train is booked with reference number NGPNXG1Q . The total fee is 66.4 GBP, payable at the station. Is there anything else?
You are very welcome! Feel free to check back with us if anything comes up that you need help with. Bye!
I would need a little more information first, what day would you like to travel and where are you going to?
We have TR0060. This departs Bishops stortford at 19:29 and arrives at Cambridge at 20:07. The tickets are 10.10 pounds. Does this work for you?
Booking was successful, the total fee is 20.2 GBP payable at the station . Reference number is : 0I49NW98 . Can I help you with anything else today?
It's a moderately priced hotel in the east. Would you like to book a room?
Booking was successful. Reference number is : RE3B6FRF . Is there anything else?
Your welcome, have a great day!
Sure. Where will you be departing from?
Thank you. What destination are you traveling to?
Train 4708 leaves at 19:21 and arrives at 21:06. Would that work for you?
Your booking is complete. Your reference number is TI6PZFH7 . What information can I provide you with about people's portraits exhibition at girton college?
Its an exhibit and cb3ojg.
Thank you for contacting us and have a nice day.
How about graffiti? I've heard great things.
It is in the west area.
Graffiti is in the west area, address is Hotel Felix Whitehouse Lane Huntingdon Road, postcode cb30lx. Do you want reservations?
Great, glad I could help. If you think of anything else you need or you would like to book a table I'd be glad to help with that, too. Bye!
There is only one. It is an expensive restaurant called the Chiquito Restaurant Bar. Can I reserve a table for you?
When would you like to dine and how many people will there be?
Booking was successful. The table will be reserved for 15 minutes. Reference number is : H2I6DR4I . Do you need anything else?
What day would you like to travel?
The TR2775 train leaves London at 05:17 and arrives at 06:08. Would you like me to make a reservation?
The cost for TR2775 is 23.60 pounds.
You're very welcome. Is there anything else I can assist you with?
Great! Have a good day.
There are many places to stay that meet this criteria. Care to narrow down your search?
The Archway House is a guesthouse in the north that is moderately pried and includes free internet and parking. Would that work for you?
Alright, you're all booked. Your reference number is 1MS0RJXA . Anything else I can do for you?
There are 5 parks nearby, is there a specific park you would like to visit or a specific area?
I have several, which are would you prefer it to be in?
Milton Country Park in north and it is free to use.
The phone number for milton country park is 01223420060. Can I assist you with anything else?
Do you need the taxi to meet you at your hotel or the park, please?
A yellow lexus will pick you up at the park. Should you need to contact them, the number is 07470919313.
You're quite welcome. Is there anything else we can help you with?
You're welcome. Thanks for contacting the Cambridge TownInfo Centre and have a great day!
How about cambridge lodge restaurant located on Cambridge Lodge Hotel 139 Huntingdon Road City Centre.
no it doesnt but the tandoori palace and the cocum does. would you like me to book a table there.
Booking was successful. The table will be reserved for 15 minutes. your reference number is 5VEF6LFT .
I can look that up for you. First, a few details: Can I confirm a desired time frame and that the destination is Cambridge?
TR9219 departs at 05:29 and arrives at 06:07, can I purchase tickets for you?
The price is 8.08 pounds per ticket, would you like to book a seat?
Have a great day!
Yes, I would be happy to. Let me get your information. What is your destination?
What day do you want to travel?
There are 6 trains, do you have an arrival time?
Sounds good! Train TR8266 leaves at 13:29 putting you in cambridge at 14:07. Would you like me to book seats?
You have 2 seats reserved on TR8266, ref# AZVRQ5NW. The total fee is 20.2 GBP, which you can pay at the station.
Would you like to eat on the west or center of town?
I have 2 options availbable: Sala Thong and Bangkok City. Does either one sound good to your?
They are both expensive. Would you like to book a table?
Booking was successful. The table will be reserved for 15 minutes. Reference number is : H129X294 . Can I help with anything else?
Thank you for using our service today.
Sure, do you have a food preference?
There are a few options. Does Idian sound good?
The postcode is cb58pa.
TR3836 leaves at 10:01. Does that work for you?
Your tickets have been booked. The total fee for the tickets is 150.19 GBP payable at the station and your reference number is 5B8WZ9F7 . Need any more help today?
Have a great day!
Could you tell me where you would like to go and be picked up from?
I have booked your taxi, Booked car type black skoda, Contact number 07263905607. What else can I do for you today?
You're welcome. Have a nice day! Goodbye!
There are a lot of restaurants that meet your criteria. Do you have a food type preference, or would you like a recommendation?
Alright, how about the yippee noodle bar?
OK, your table is booked. Reference #NDM1GH4J . Can I help you with anything else today?
I'm sorry I don't see any multiple sports attractions in the centre. Would you like a different area?
There are multiple colleges available. Do you have a preference on whether there is an entrance fee?
If I may, might I suggest the Sidney Sussex College. It's free to get in and they are located on Sidney Street. Would you like more info?
what time would you want to leave?
look out for a red audi with contact number 07011116060
thank you im glad I could help goodbye
There are several trains departing from Cambridge arriving in Norwich at a price of 17.60 pounds. What day are you looking to travel?
I have train TR7767 leaving at 21:36 and arriving by 22:55. Would that be something that would work for you?
Okay, I've done that for you. Your reference number is 0TDRHZKN .
Sure, what area of town are you interested in?
I'm sorry, there aren't any 3 star guesthouses in the centre, would you like to try another level?
Yes, there is the hobsons house. Shall I go ahead and book that for you?
Okay, your booking was successful. Your reference number is 9CNY4IOQ .
What area would you prefer it to be in?
I'm sorry, the attractions segment on my computer system seems to be down at the moment. Can I perhaps help with something else?
I hope you enjoy your stay. Have a nice day.
I would be happy to help you. I have 221 trains departing Sunday, what day/time will you be departing and what is your destination?
I have trains leaving to there, what time would you like to arrive by?
Okay, you have six tickets reserved on TR4550. The total fee is 61.44 GBP payable at the station, and your reference number is P9P4UBVH .
Okay great. glad we could be of help.
I apologize but there are no expensive greek restaurants listed, would you like to try a different food type or price range?
We have 14 indian restaurants in the expensive category. Do you have any more information to narrow down the search?
I can recommend one for you, but first is there a particular part of town you would like to travel too?
I would recommend the Maharajah Tandoori Restaurant. It's in the west end. The address is 41518 Castle Street City Centre. The postcode is cb30ah. Shall I make a booking?
You're welcome. Have a very nice day.
There are plenty of trains going to london liverpool street. Which city will you be departing from?
There are 4 to choose from. The first one after 17:00 would be the TR4757, leaving Cambridge at 17:59 and arriving in London, Liverpool Street at 19:27. Would that do?
Sure, it is all set. The reference number is HEDQCGXW and the total fee is 83 GBP payable at the station.
Sure, there are 9 cheap guesthouses and one hotel that fall in the cheap price range. Got a area of town you want to stay in?
None of them has a 2 star rating. The ratings are either 0 stars of 4 stars. Is there an area you prefer?
There is one expensive 2 star hotel. It is Express by Holiday Inn Cambridge and is located in the east. Would you like me to book it for you?
Yes the phone is 01223866800. Can I assist you further?
Absolutely! Let us know if you would like to book a room.
Sure! Can you tell me what day you'd like to book and for how many nights?
Thank you! goodbye.
To help narrow the search, can you tell me the price range you're looking for and what kind of food you want?
sorry we got no restaurant matching your request. can you make any changes?
I have three expensive british places in centre. How about Fitzbillies?
The address is 51 Trumpington Street City Centre and the phone number is 01223352500.
There is Scott Polar Museum, would you be interested in that?
The Scott Polar is a museum in the cb21er post code. It has free entry.
Yes I can what time would you like to travel?
Booking completed! Booked car type : black audi Contact number. Is there anything else I can help you with?
The contact number is 07979998676,
Have a great evening, enjoy your stay in Cambridge.
You are welcome. Thank you for contacting Cambridge TownInfo centre with your queries. Goodbye.
There are no restaurants matching your criteria. Would you like to modify your search results?
We have one. It is the city stop restaurant. Would you like me to book it for you?
they are in the expensive price range. 01223363270 is their number. you can find them on Cambridge City Football Club Milton Road Chesterton
You are more than welcome!
the cherry hinton village centre is a place you can go for multiple sports.
Sure, the phone number is 01223576412. Do you need anything else?
I do not have a Tuscan restaurant, but I do have an international one. Are you interested in hearing about The Missing Sock?
The Missing Sock is in the east and its price is cheap. Would you like for me to book it?
You have your choice of the Curry Prince or the Rajmahal.
Of course, the postcode for the Curry Prince is cb58jj.
OK. Have a nice day. Good Bye.
I did not find any. Would you like to try a different cuisine?
I apologize, sir, but there are no restaurants serving modern English cuisine. What else shall we try?
Sala thong seems like a good match!
What day are you wanting that booking for?
Thursday is not available.
Booking was successful for 11:15. The table will be reserved for 15 minutes. Reference number is : SWZ8S95V .
Is there anything else I can assist with?
Thank you, goodbye.
I have about 33 options to choose from. What type of food are you wanting to enjoy?
How about the Cambridge Chop House. Phone is 01223359506.
Okay do you have a particular attraction in mind? Theres a great cinema and architecture to check out.
How about touring Christ's College? It is in the center of town and very renown and free to the public.
I do not have open times listed. Their phone number is 01223334900.
It is a college
Christ's College is in the same area as the restaurant, yes. They're both in the centre of town.
No, there is not. It is free admission. Is there anything else I can help you with today?
Thank you, I'm glad I could help!
I have many different options available. Let me ask, do you have a certain price range or area in mind?
That narrows it down to about 9 different options. Most offer both free parking wifi. If you would like my personal recommendation, I would say go with the Hamilton Lodge.
Booking was successful. Reference number is : 152UJWIK . anything else today?
Can I get where you would like to depart from and where you are traveling to and what time you would like to leave and arrive by?
There are two trains. Would you like me to book one for you?
Your booking went through for the 05:59 train. Your reference number is D0FUB4UC, and that is payable at the station. Is there anything else I can assist you with?
Glad I could help. Have a great day.
What area would you like the hotel in?
Is there a price you are looking for?
Would you like a hotel or guesthouse?
I have one hotel that would suit your needs. It's called the Lensfield Hotel. They offer free parking and free wifi. Can I book you a room?
How many people will be staying with you?
Booked! Reference number: 68SV7AUH .
There's the chiquito restaurant bar but its rather expensive. If that's okay, I can help you make a reservation.
Their phone number is 01223400170 and their postcode is cb17dy
Out taxis operate 24/7, so you are in luck. Look for a white skoda, there phone number is 07842340394, any further questions?
Okay. You have a great day.
What day and time would you like to head to Stansted Airport?
Any specifics on departure time?
Train TR8476 leaves saturday at 12:40 and will arrive by 13:08 shall I book this for you?
OK, you're booked with reference number VZ6L0U8D . The fee will be 48.48, payable at the station. Is there anything else I can help you with?
I have 16 options here. Do you have a preference for area or pricerange?
I've booked you into Allenbell hotel. You reference number is 1IYPILK0 .
Thanks for contacting Cambridge TownInfo centre, have a great day!
There are a lot! Can you help me narrow it down to a particular station you're going into or out of?
TR1817 leaves at 11:11
I booked your train. The total fee is 39.2 GBP, which can be paid at the station. The reference number is KSS4B3NK . Anything else?
It is a museum in centre. The address is 10 king s parade and the phone number is 01223357708. Is there anything else I could help you with today?
Thank you for contacting us, have a good day.
sure, there are multiple hotels to choose from. may i ask where you are located?
We have the archway house in the north that is 4 star and offers free parking and internet. Does this work?
The archway guesthouse is moderately priced. Would you like to book a room?
OK, there are 4 different Indian restaurants in the cheap price range, might I suggest Mahal of Cambridge? It's located in the centre area.
Certainly, we have royal spice Indian restaurant. Can I make a reservation for you, if so how many diners are there?
Certainly, your reference number is CSP29AM3 . Is there anything else I can help you with today?
I'm happy I could be of help. Have a wonderful day!
Yes I can help. The tickets cost 16.60 pounds and the trip is 88 minutes long. When you you like to leave?
How many tickets will you need?
The train ID is TR4187. Would you like me to book this for you?
I have 5 different restaurants. I have an asian oriental, two chinese, a european, and a french restaurant. Do you have a preference?
Ok I can book that for you, do you have a particular time you would like?
Ok great. The restaurant is named city stop restaurant and their phone number is 01223363270. Can I help you with anything else today?
Ok great! I hope that you enjoy your travels! Thank you for contacting the Cambridge TownInfo centre.
Sure! The Fitzwilliam museum is located in the centre of town on Trumpington street post code cb21rb and admission is free. Would you like me to book a train or taxi?
The museum has antiques, applied arts, illuminated manuscripts and paintings. Would you like for me to book you a train?
I found the train that leaves at 07:34 and arrives by 08:24. Would you like for me to book this?
Yes, TR7872 goes from Cambridge to Petersborough. Would you like a booking on this train?
Alright, I booked that for 5 people. Your reference number is O7FMDCB3 .
Your tickets are booked. Have a great day.
In what area of town would you like to dine?
Great, there's a restaurant called kymmoy that fits your criteria. Would you like their information?
Yes, what is the date and time that you will need the booking and how many people?
That time is all booked up would you like to try a different time?
Booking was successful. The table will be reserved for 15 minutes. Reference number is : 65EX4JA4 .
corpus christi is in the centre area. The number is 01223338000, and the post code is cb21rh. Can I help you with anything else?
Ok. Enjoy your stay, and have a nice day.
Absolutely! Where are you departing from?
I have train TR1855 that will get you there at 9:58, would you like me to book a ticket?
that should cost you 9.80 pounds
Its a relatively cheap guesthouse on the North side that offers internet and parking
I completed your booking Reference number is : Q4HJ6WRG . Do you need anything else?
Happy to be of service, and I hope you enjoy your time in Cambridge!
There is no match for that criterion, Do you have any other food preferences?
Do you have a price range in mind?
Ok, Is have booked you for the shiraz restaurant in the centre area, if you need to contact them they can be reached at 01223307581, any other questions?
The reference number is 664RV8FS . Can I help you with anything else?
Your reference number is CYQZO8K2 . Do you need anything else?
Okay, I booked a taxi. A white honda will take you from the hotel to the restaurant in time for your reservation. The taxi contact number is 07203638050
Have a nice trip!
I can look that up for you! Vue Cinema is located at The Grafton Centre, East Road. The phone number for that is 08712240240 and the postcode is cb11ps.
Can I help you with anything else?
It looks like there are 14 hotels that match that description. Is there a particular area you would like to stay?
There are 9 that fit your request. May I suggest the Acorn Guest House? It's a nice place to stay.
It is a 4 star hotel, and its address is 154 chesterton road.
Your taxi is booked for you. The car is a white tesla and the contact number is 07920315080.
Glad to be of service! Have a pleasant evening.
Hello, The Gardenia is one option which is located centrally, may I make a reservation for you?
Yes, that restaurant is cheap. Would you like a reservation?
Alright, what time would you like to make your reservation for?
The Gardenia isn't available at 16:00. Would you like to change the time or day?
Alright, I was able to book that time slot, your reference number is NRPFPYAJ
I have 10 trains available, leaving every two hours on the :17 between 05:17 and 23:17. Travel time is 51 minutes. What time would you prefer?
TR8885 leaves at 07:17 and arrives at 08:08. Would you like me to book it for you?
is there anything i may help you with?
Thank you for using the Cambridge TownInfo centre. Have a wonderful day!
I'm sorry, there are no Swedish restaurants in the area. Do you have another cuisine you would like to try?
I have 10 chinese restaurants in the centre area. What price range would you like?
Charlie Chan is amazing and cheap! Would you like me to book it for you?
Your booking was successful and the reference number is U4UC246K . Is there anything else I can help with today?
Thank you for using the Cambridge TownInfo centre, and enjoy your meal!
There are 110 restaurants in Cambridge, is there a specific cuisine you're looking for?
Well can you tell me yur destination please?
I booked you on the TR6034 that leaves Cambridge at 18:21 and arrives at 20:06. Your reference is NYXZ1SOR and the total fee of 241.92 is payable at the station
There are two indian restaurants and one italian. Do either of these interest you?
the pizza hut fen ditton is located at Cambridge retail park newmarket road. Would you like me to book a reservation?
What day and time would you like to eat at the pizza hut fen ditton?
What particular time would you like me to make your reservations for?
You are all set. Your reference number is FA6IDT91 .
You are most certainly welcome. I hope you have an excellent day.
What type of information are you looking for?
Is there an area or activity you prefer? I have many options such as museums, architecture etc.
How about cafe jello gallery in the west?
As I mentioned, the gallery is in the east. For the train, your best bet is TR8237, arriving in Norwich at 13:55 on Monday.
Yes the travel time is 79 minutes and the price is 17.60 pounds.
Do you just need one ticket for the TR8237?
Thank you I will get that for you
Are you looking for one in a particular area?
Sure, it's a cinema. I don't have access to their entrance fee, but their phone number is 08712240240. Their address is the grafton centre, east road, cb11ps. Will that be all?
No problem; also, Vue is located in the city centre. Worth House is a cheaply priced guesthouse in the north with a 4-star rating. They provide free Internet and parking.
Booking was successful. Reference number is : BCJGU3WZ . You're all set! Is there anything else I can do for you today?
What time would you like to arrive at the Cinema?
Your taxi reservation departing from worth house to vue cinema at 15:30 was successful. The booked car type is a white bmw and the contact number is 07453314700
Yes, it is booked in the afternoon. Is there anything else I can help you with today?
I hope you enjoy your trip. Goodbye.
What is your departure day and time?
Sure. we have a train which arrives at 7:07 train id TR8522. Shall I book it?
Your reference number is UCBSWCF8 . We hope you have a great trip.
I can suggest the Jesus Green Outdoor Pool is located in the north part of town between Victoria Road and the river. Is there anything else I can help you with?
Sure the phone number is 01223302579 and their address is between victoria road and the river. I do not see any information on an entrance fee.
Great! Is there anything else I can help you with before we go?
Thank you for using our service. Have a wonderful day!
Cityroomz is a hotel in the centre of town with a 0 rating. Would you like more information?
It is. Would you like to book a room?
OK, your room at Cityroomz is booked, ref#V7QTLUO2 . Can I be of further assistance today?
you're welcome, have a great day!
The are several colleges to visit,what part of town do you prefer
There are 13 colleges in the centre of town. I recommend christ's college.
Christ's college is free to enter! Anything else for you today?
Absolutely. It will be a black Lexus, and the contact number is 07146331641. Is there anything else I can assist you with?
You are very welcome! Bye!
There are 11 entries, how about Arbury Lodge Guesthouse?
There are 7 guesthouses and 2 hotels that are moderately priced and offer free parking in the north part of Cambridge. Do you have a preference?
You certainly may. I have you booked at the Ashley Hotel for two nights, beginning Thursday, with a reference number of T65BHM4Y .
Okay, I can do that for you. What is your destination and where will you be departing from?
The last train to Broxbourne leaves cambridge at 18:01 and arrives in Broxbourne at 19:01. Would you like to book that train?
Of course, it's a 60 minute trip and it will cost 14.32 pounds per ticket.
Happy to be of service. Have a great day, and I hope you enjoy your time in Cambridge!
Excellent choice, my fellow human. What can I help you with?
The cambridge lodge restaurant is the only european restaurant in the west. It is in the expensive price range. Would you like me to book you a table?
Their phone is 01223355166. Can I help with anythign else?
TR5390 train departs from Cambridge at 5:21 and arrives at Stevenage at 6:10.
The booking number for the tickets is NY8NHHXK, and you can pay the 10.24 pounds at the station. Is there anything else I can do?
You are all set and enjoy you stay.
You have to keep mom happy. Where are you departing from and which day?
TR4896 arrives at 17:35. Will that give you enough time or should I book you for an earlier train?
Okay, your booking was successful. Your total fee is 52.8 GBP. You can pay this at the station. The reference number is 12X27P7I .
what about clare hall? it's free to visit
Absolutely. The phone number is 01223332360, and the postal code is cb39al.
You're very welcome. I hope you and your mom have a great time!
There are many colleges on the west side. Is that something you are interested in getting more information about?
Churchill college is located at storey's way and has free entrance fee.
I'd be happy to! Where are you heading?
What time will you be traveling?
OKay is there a certain time you want to leave?
The latest train leaves Bishops Stortford at 17:29, arriving in Cambridge at 18:07. Would you like to book a ticket?
Your booking has been made for 8 people on TR9219. Your reference number is N5AQLNGK . May I assist you in any other way?
Thank you for calling Cambridge TownInfo centre! We hope you enjoy your visit in our fair city!
Certainly. What day and time will you be traveling?
TR4096 leaves at 17:24 and arrives in Cambridge at 17:52. How many tickets do you need?
They are 10.10 pounds. Is there anything else I can do to help you?
Sure thing, lensfield road.
Their phone number is 01223336540. Is there anything else I can help you with?
You're welcome, let me know if I can assist with anything else.
Kirkwood House is a guesthouse located in the north at 172 chesterton road.Their phone number is 01223306283. Is there anything else I can help you with?
Okay that booking was successful and the reservation number is CNP27YE8 .
Okay great. Glad I could be of help.
There are 4 options for you that meet that criteria, would you prefer North or Centre?
I have four places. Two in centre and two in the north. Which would you like the info on?
Kohinoor has an address of 74 Mill Road City Centre. Is there anything else I can get for you?
There are 5 trains listed. Do you have a preference on at time you want to leave by?
There are several, where are you traveling to?
TR6009 leaves at 11:21 and arrives at 12:10. Would you like to book this one?
how many tickets do you need?
I have your ticket, cost is 12.8 GBP, it is a 49 minute trip, reference number is MAFOHHN2, any other questions?
I'm glad I could help.
Where will you be going?
Great, you are all set. A yellow honda has been booked and the contact number is 07621058499. Can I help with anything else today?
We are happy to help. Have a great day!
Okay, there are many departures on Monday, is there a certain time of departure you had in mind?
Alright, you have fifteen options. These trains depart one minute after the hour every hour, starting at 9:01 and running until 23:01. Would you like me to book a ticket?
I have booked 3 tickets on TR1213 for you which leaves at 9:01 Monday, the reference number is SJXQORH2 . Is there anything else I can help you with?
Sheep's green and lammas land park fen causeway is located south. The address is fen causeway, newnham road. The entry fee is free. Anything else I can help with?
There is no entrance free and the phone number is 01223302580. Will that be all you need help with this afternoon?
Great! Thanks for allowing me to assist you. Goodbye!
I recommend all saints church. It is an attraction in the Centre of town.
All Saints Church is located on Jesus Lane. It is free to visit. The postcode is cb58bs. And their phone number is 01223452587. Did you need more information?
There are 8 hotels that fit your criteria. Is there an area of town that you prefer?
Ok. There are seven guesthouses that fit those criteria. Do you want to stay in a certain part of town?
Sure, we have alexander bed and breakfast guesthouse in the town centre. Can I book a room for you?
May I ask how many will be staying at the alexander bed and breakfast?
I have confirmed your booking at alexander bed and breakfast starting Thursday for 4 nights. Your reference number is 9B75WFME . Do you need any further assistance?
You're welcome. Enjoy your stay!
When would you like to leave by?
07821922219 is the number for your Blue ford taxi.
You have a great day.
Charlie Chan is a great choice! would you like a reservation/
It's in the centre of town.
Great! Have a nice day!
There are multiple trains making that trip. What day are you making that trip?
TR1283 will arrive in Cambridge at 18:23. Will that work for you?
Booking was successful, the total fee is 180.24 GBP payable at the station . Reference number is : QLZ11J4O . Can I help with anything else?
You're welcome. Would you like any tourist or taxi information for your time in Cambridge?
Of course, what type of food are you looking for?
Graffiti is a restaurant that serves british food. Their address is Hotel Felix Whitehouse Lane Huntingdon Road. Anything else I can do for you?
Yes they are expensive and in the west.
Thank you for using the Cambridge TownInfo centre. Goodbye.
The all saints church is an attraction.
There is one concert hall in the centre of town. It is called The Man on the Moon. Would you like more information about it?
I am sorry but there is no information on the entrance fee.
Curry Queen is one of my favorites. What would you like to know about it?
It is in centre and the phone is 01223351027. What else can I help with?
Thanks for letting us help you today! Goodbye.
Great! I've found 9 entries for your criteria. Is there a certain price range you're looking for?
We've narrowed it down to 3. kohinoor, the gandhi, and mahal of cambridge. Would you like me to make a reservation for you?
I was able to book at Kohinoor for 16:00 on Saturday for 3 people. Your reference number is NTJ52ASI . The table will be held for 15 minutes.
Yes I have several. What area and price range do you prefer?
The Alexander Bed and Breakfast matches those qualifications, as well as being located in the centre. Would you like a reservation or more information?
How many guests will be staying at Alexander Bed and Breakfast with you?
And what night would you like to start your stay?
I'm sorry, they were not able to accommodate those days. Would you like to try booking a different date or for a shorter stay?
I've booked accommodations at the Alexander Bed & Breakfast for 3 days beginning Saturday, your reference number is 6KQFIMA2 .
Enjoy your stay and have a nice day.
Okay, what time do you want to leave by?
Booking completed! Booked car type : blue audi Contact number : 07384266453
I'm sorry. I'm unable to search for buses without more information.
I have 2 moderate priced hotels, the ashley or lovell lodge. Would you like to book one?
Neither one is a guesthouse. There are none in the area. Would you like to try another type/
I suggest the Ashley Hotel as it meets your needs. Would you like me to book it for you?
your set, reference # is 9DAWCUZT, anything else?
Riverboat Georgina is in the north, it's a lovely boat ride. Would you like their contact information?
they are at cambridge passenger cruisers, jubilee house with postcode cb43ax. do you need a phone number?
where will you be going and at what time?
You are all set. It will be a black volvo, contact number 07357442363. Is there anything else I can assist you with today?
You're welcome, glad I could help.
The place is the only night club in the south of cambridge. would you like more information?
The Place is located on 22 Signey Street with a post code of cb23hg.
The address is kingfisher way, hinchinbrook business park, huntingdon. The postcode is pe296fl. Would you like a reservation?
The Huntingdon Marriott Hotel is a 4 star hotel and does offer free parking. Can I reserve it for you?
Where would you like the taxi to take you?
I have scheduled a yellow Toyota taxi to pick you up at 23:45. Their contact for any questions is 07081942286.
Is there anything else I can help you with?
Thank you, and have a nice day!
I have found a lot of options, what type of food do you prefer?
I have three places, shall I book one?
Booking was successful. The table will be reserved for 15 minutes. Reference number is : J6S1NEDG . Midsummer House. Will you need anything elses?
Sure thing where will you be heading to, and what day and time would you like to travel?
There are several options. The TR6496 arrives in Cambridge at 9:09. Would you like me to book a ticket for you?
Booking was successful. Your reference number is 08N7IYDI . Is there anything else I can assist you with today?
Thank you for contacting us. Please feel free to contact again if you have any more questions. Have a great day!
Provide the name please.
Booking was successful. The table will be reserved for 15 minutes. Reference number is : SMCI33OO . Is there anything else I can help you with?
You'll have to provide me your departure site and the day you will be traveling.
There are two trains departing bishops stortford that arrive before 10:00. They arrive at 6:07 and 8:07, which would you prefer?
You're all booked. Reference number GAROAKSU .
Thank you for calling in. Have a nice day!
I'm afraid we don't have any entertainment attractions in the city centre. Can I help you find anything else?
Yes, there are 11 museums available in that area. Would you like me to list several of them out so you can choose?
I show 13 colleges in the centre area. Would you like one that is free or has an entrance fee?
Corpus Christi, Saint John's College, and Trinity College have an entrance fee.
The entrance fee is 1 pound.
What sort of food would you like it to be?
Sounds good. I have booked a table for 6 at the cambridge chop house on Thursday at 12:00. Can I help with anything else?
The reference number is 7SFRSRQC . Is there anything else?
You're welcome, let me know if I can assist with anything else.
Sure can, do you have a type of food, area, or price range you'd like?
There are several Chinese restaurants in city centre, do you have a preferred price range? Otherwise might I suggest Charlie Chan?
Yes Charlie Chan is in the cheap price range. Would you like a reservation?
Yes. How many people in your party and when would you like this for?
You now have a reservation for 5 at Charlie Chan on Friday at 18:15. Is there anything else I can help you with?
Of course. Reference number is : BIKD8UK9 . How else can I help today?
There are several, but my favorite one is saint catharine's college. Their phone number is 01223338300 and admission is free. Do you need a cab?
I can book your taxi I need to know the time you would like to travel, the departure and destination.
Where will you be departing from?
A grey tesla will pick you up at 18:15. You can contact the driver at 07764615987
Thank you, and have a good evening!
Yes, what part of town would you like? There are cinemas in the south and centre of town.
The Cineworld Cinema is in the south area of town and the address is Cambridge Leisure Park, Clifton Way. Is there anything else I can help you with today?
I'm sorry, the entrance fee for Cineworld Cinema is not available. Is there anything else you need?
Cineworld Cinema is located at cambridge leisure park, clifton way, cb17dy. Can I help with anything else today?
You're welcome. Enjoy your day.
I have 6 restaurants that meet those requirements. What area would you like to dine in?
I recommend The Cambridge Chop House. Excellent food in a great location. I can book a table there, if you like.
Give me one moment for the reference number.
OK, I have your table booked, they'll hold it for 15 minutes. The reference number is SYHSBT5J . Is there anything else I can help you with?
I like Clare Hall in the west part of town. Do you have any preference to area?
You can reach Clare Hall at 01223 332 360, and their address is Herschel Road, CB3 9AL. Can I help you with anything else today?
Perfect. Thank you for using the Cambridge TownInfo centre. Have a great day!
Yippee is a moderately priced restaurant in the centre. Would you like to book a table?
Booking was successful. The table will be reserved for 15 minutes. Reference number is : Z4VQL3UF .
There are no entertainment venues in the town centre. Would you like something else?
There are no nightclubs in this area.
why yes there are! 5 to be exact, how can I help you?
I recommend Kambar. Their phone number is 01223842725. And their entrance fee is 5 pounds.
Do you need any more help booking?
Have a great day. Goodbye.
There is a train leaving Cambridge arriving at kings lynn Friday at 20:58. If this does not work I have other options.
There are 15 trains that arrive in Norwich by 21:00 that leave from Cambridge, do you have a specific departure time?
I booked 8 tickets for you on the 19:36 train, arriving in norwich at 20:55. The total fee is 140.8 GBP. Reference number is 48KANS63 . Can I help with anything else?
Alright, you have five options. Do you have a preference of food types, between african, asian oriental and british?
The bedouin has bookings at that time. Shall I book it for 8 people at 16:00?
Booking was successful, table will be reserved for 15 mins. Reference number is : X5K4K601 .
You are welcome. I hope you enjoy your trip and restaurant.
Yes it is located in the north, would you like me to book it?
It's a 4 star guesthouse in the north; Warkworth Terrace post code cb11ee. They have free parking. Would you like to book it?
There are several interesting places to go, from Whale of a Time to the Museum of Classical Archaeology. Do you have an idea of what sort of place you'd like?
The address is unit 8, viking way, bar hill, postcode cb238el. Anything else you need?
I was able to book you that taxi. Be looking for a red Tesla. If you need to reach them, please call 07304459127. Anything else I can help with?
you're welcome. you can use our services anytime
Yes, I have 4 results matching your request, is there a price range you're looking for?
I found de luca cucina and bar and riverside brasserie. Does either of them sound good for you?
I'm sorry, there are no available seats at either of those restaurants. Could you try another time or a different day perhaps?
Okay, that worked! The table will be reserved for 15 minutes. Your reference number is : MJEOQ3R5 .
Thank you for 7 for booking with us. Have a great day.
I am not showing any architecture attractions in the east. Would you like me to explore other areas?
There are 4 museums in the east. I can recommend cambridge artworks.
Cambridge Artworks is located at 5 greens road, post code cb13ef. Their number is 01223902168. Is there anything else I can help you with?
There are 118 trains that leave after 13:00 on Monday; where would you like to go?
I have train TR0793 leaving Cambridge at 13:11 and arriving at 13:58 on Monday. Would you like me to book that for you?
It's all booked your reference number is PC0RQN1T
You're welcome. Thanks for using our services.
Peking restaurant is expensive and in the south part of town.
frankie and bennys is an italian food restaurant in the expensive price rang and the south part of town.
Sure. Their address is Cambridge Leisure Park Clifton Way Cherry Hinton and their postcode is cb17dy. Would you like their telephone number as well?
Would you like any more information about the restaurant or assistance in booking a reservation?
There are 202 entries found. Where are you headed to?
There are 2 trains available. One departs at 05:36 and the other departs at 06:36. Do you have a preferred departure time?
The train ID is TR2534. Would you like to book this train?
Okay, how many tickets would you like?
You're Welcome! Anything else I can help you with?
I'm happy to have been of help. Have a wonderful day!
What day would you like to travel?
That's leaving after 16:00, yes? Or did you mean arriving after 16:00? If leaving after 16:00, the TR5212 leaves Cambridge at 17:59 and arrives at London Liverpool Street at 19:27.
I've booked you on the TR5212, the total fee is 33.20 GBP payable at the station. Your reference number is NJP5V947 . Is there anything else you need?
Sure I've got it right here. What do you want to know about it?
Excellent, your room has been reserved. Your reference number, should you need it, is OLSTTTVO . Will you be needing further information or assistance today?
Have a good day!
I'd be happy to. Could you tell me when and where the taxi should pick you up?
I have booked a taxi departing from golden house and arriving at cherry hinton water play at 10:00. It will be a grey volkswagen. Contact number: 07227441895.
You are welcome. Have a nice day. Good bye.
Great, I have many places for you to go in the Centre. What type of attraction are you looking for?
Sure. How about christ's college? It is located at saint andrew's street and is free.
The entrance fee is free. The phone number is 01223334900. The postcode is cb23bu. Is there anything else I can assist you with today?
Do you have a star preference I have a 0 and a 4 star.
Do you want me to book you into the four-star alexander bed and breakfast?
I hope you enjoy your stay!
Where would you like to be picked up?
Your taxi reservation on a red Honda is complete. You will be picked up at 09:45 at Alexander Bed and Breakfast and dropped off at Christ's College.
Their contact number is 07182437996. Anything else?
It is a red Honda. Is there anything else I can help you with?
You're welcome, glad I could help.
What type of information would like to know?
There are 6 different nightclubs. Do you want me to give you any specific info on any of them?
I love the Fez club, their phone number is 01223519224. Can I help you with anything else today?
Did you have a preference for departure or arrival times?
There are three trains arriving in ely before 10:45 on Thursday. The one closest to your time is the TR1923, which leaves ely at 09:50
Booking was successful, the total fee is 22 GBP payable at the station . Reference number is : 87C7ZC71 . What else can I do for you today?
Have a great day
The Michaelhouse cafe serves European food in the centre area, and it is expensive. Is there anything else you need to know?
Sure. The phone number is 01223309147 and the postcode is cb21su.
What day will you be travelling?
I have train TR3782 that leaves at 5:19 and arrives at 6:09. Would you like to book that?
Your booking is successful. It is going to cost 13.2 GBP and your reference number is 3FA26HLL .
Is there anything else you will be needing right now?
Your welcome. I'm glad I was able to help.
And what is your destination please?
I have three trains matching your preferences. Would you like me to book TR6037 that leaves at 19:59?
The duration is 88 minutes. How many tickets would you like to book?
Okay! The price for each ticket would be 16.60 pounds.
Yes, there are many results for restaurants in the west. Are you looking for a particular type of food or price range?
I have 9 entries. You want me to make you a reservation at Graffiti? They serve British food.
Not a problem, I'll need to know how many people and what time you would like.
great, i can book you for wednesday at 8:30 pm.
Is there anything else I can assist you with today?
Thank you for contacting the Cambridge Towninfo Centre
Great! There are many outstanding Indian restaurants in Cambridge. What area of town do you prefer to visit?
THere are 5 in the west, tandoori palace, cocum, rice boat, maharajah tandoori restaurant and india house. Would you like to make a reservation at any of these choices?
The phone number for Cocum is 01223366668. You can find it at 71 Castle Street City Centre, post code cb30ah.
I don't see any in the west. Perhaps you'd like to try another area?
Yes, there are 7 museums in the west part of town. May I recommend the Museum of Classical Archaeology, located on Sidgwick Avenue? Entrance is free. Would you like more information?
Of course, it is on sidgwick avenue, and the postal code is cb39da. Anything else?
Of course, I have booked a yellow ford for you at that time, and the contact number is 07870520690. Anything else today?
It was a pleasure to help. Thanks for contacting us. Goodbye.
There are 18 colleges in Cambridge. What area would you like to visit?
Christ's College is a free college on Saint Andrew's street. If you would like to call, the number is 01223334900.
Christ's college is on saint andrew's street. The postcode is cb23bu.
What night, for how long and for how many people?
Booking was unsuccessful. Would you like me to attempt a different arrival day or shorter duration?
It's all booked your reference is YB0KDAKW .
All booked. Here is the contact number: 07257951003. Driver will be in Black Volvo. Anything else?
Okay. Glad I could help. Please call again.
Excellent! How can I help you? I can assist with attractions, hotels, taxis, and more.
Sure, I can help you with that. What section of town would you prefer?
The first one on my list is adc theatre located on park street. I need some more information on your preferences
The ADC Theatre is in the center of town.
The phone number is 01223300085.
The postcode is cb58as
I can help where are you looking to go?
On what day are you planning to travel?
Do you need me to book that for you?
Done! Your train leaves Saturday at 13:50. The total is 28.16 Pounds, payable at the station. Your reference number is 9CUCSOE2 . Can I help you with anything else?
I appreciated your help. Good-bye.
Yes sure would you like their address or phone number?
I'd be happy to make you a reservation, for what day/time and how many is in your party?
Booking was successful. The table will be reserved for 15 minutes. Reference number is : CKO62HOH . Is there anything else I can help you with?
Great. Enjoy your meal. Goodbye!
What time would you like to leave?
There is a train that will arrive at 18:06. Would you like me to book it for you?
The train ID is TR9193 for that trip. Can I help you with anything else?
I'm sorry that train ID is actually TR7600. The duration of trip is 105 minutes. As to locating a restaurant, what type of food would you like to eat?
How about the midsummer house restaurant?
Yes, it is expensive. Can I book this for you?
I was able to book your table successfully. Your reference number is R8TPS4MK and your reservation will be held for 15 minutes. Do you need any further assistance?
Click the end chat button to end this session. Have a good day.
Yes I can! There are 5, but I like soul tree nightclub. What else can I help you with?
The admission fee is 4 pounds per person. Is there anything else I can help with?
I have many trains for that time and destination. What day do you want to travel, and where are you departing from?
The TR3602 train arrives at london liverpool street at 17:27. Can I book it for you?
The train leaves at 15:59.
excellent, have a great day!
Did you have a price range in mind, or a general location? Is it a hotel you're looking to stay in?
Ok, I found 3 for you. Did you want to book one?
Booking was successful at the Ashley Hotel. Your reference number is : U595DZ8A . Can I be of any further assistance today?
Is there a particular type of food you're interested in?
Are you sure that you are looking for a place to eat?
Yes, I have found Jesus College. It is located in the centre on jesus lane. The phone number is 01223339485. Postcode is cb58bl. Entrance is free. Anything else you need?
I was able to get you the cab it will be a white ford and the contact number is 07388656472. Is there anything else I can help you with?
You are welcome. Feel free to contact Cambridge TownInfo centre, again. Goodbye.
We have the TR6932 arriving in Cambridge at 11:38. Does that work for you?
Yes, TR4669 goes from peterborough to cambridge on Thursday. Would you like to book tickets on this train?
Alrighty, your booking was successful! The total fee is 33 GBP payable at the station, reference number LN7ISGWV . Is there anything else I can help you with today?
There are many fine museums in Cambridge, do you have a preferred area or price range?
the broughton house gallery is a museum in south cambridge and the cost of admission is free.
The phone number for the Broughton House Gallery is 01223314960. Can I help with anything else today?
You are welcome. Have a nice day.
There are 3 hotels matching your criteria. Would you prefer an expensive or cheap price range?
The Cambridge Belfry is a match to your request. Would you like to book a room there?
Your booking was successful. The reference number is W30R422G .
What day will you be traveling? And will it be for 6 people, also?
What station will you be traveling to?
I have train TR8533 leaving at 21:50 and arriving at 22:07. Would you like to book seats on that?
The price for that train is 4.40 pounds. Would you like to book a ticket?
Alright. Thank you for calling.
In order to better assist you, may I please have your destination?
There are 16 trains traveling that path that will arrive no later than 21:00. The earliest leave time is 5:11 A.M. Is there a time that you would like to leave?
I have successfully booked you a ticket for 05:11 on Thursday. The total fee is 9.8 GBP, payable at the station. The trainID is TR7239, and your reference number is HLSA9R72 . Is there anything else I can do for you today?
I could not find any matches for the criteria you mentioned. Perhaps there is another area or food type you would like to look for?
No, I am sorry no matches found. Another type of cuisine possibly?
I found 5 restaurants that serve indian food. How about the golden curry? It's an expensive restaurant.
Great your reservation was successful the reference number is VC1IKXJ9 .
You have a new one at a cheap restaurant, reference 45J21VV5 .
The name of the restaurant is Kohinoor. Is there anything else I can help you with?
Great. Have a great day.
Where are you departing from?
We have 19 different trains along that route for Sunday. Do you have a specific time in mind?
There are five trains that meet your specifications. The earliest leaves at 19:09 and arrives in Cambridge at 20:54. Would you like me to book this?
Booking was successful, the total fee is 241.92 GBP payable at the station .Reference number is : PLE2777Z
There are man attraction, do you want to see arrt,music,parks ?
Yes, 13 of them actually! If you have no further specifications, then may I recommend christ's college?
It is the best price of all, free of charge, can I help you with any other information?
Okay, thanks for contacting us bye!
There are 6 guesthouses all with 4 star ratings that fit your request. Would you like to add any other specifications?
I do not have any guest houses in the east that are expensive. Do you want to change areas or maybe modify the price range?
I have 3 guesthouses in the east. All are 4-star rated and all of them have free wifi and parking. They are the Allenbell, Autumn House and Leverton House.
I apologize. There are not any expensive guesthouses in the east area. There is a hotel that is expensive, or we could try a different area.
The phone number is 01223575122. Would you like me to book that for you?
Yes they have internet and parking at Autumn House. They are located at 710 Newmarket Road, CB58RS. Can I help you with anything else?
Thank you, if you need anything else let me know.Good Bye.
There are many churches in that area.
Ive got five choices here kambar is the club that is recently popular, would you like more information?
The entrance fee for the kambar is 5 pounds. Can I help you with anything else today?
The entrance fee is 5 pounds. Will there be anything else today?
I can help with that. Is there an area in town in which you prefer to stay? Perhaps a price range as well?
Do you have a preference in area or price range?
I found two guesthouses matching your criteria. I would recommend the Alexander Bed and Breakfast which is 4 stars and priced cheap. Do you need a booking?
Your room has been booked. Your reference number is IGLTXNED .
By the way the zipcode for the kambar is cb23qb.
There are several free churches in the Centre area, including All Saints Church, Holy Trinity Church, Little Saint Mary's Church, and Old Schools. Great Saint Mary's Church costs 2 pounds.
Yes their postcode is cb58bs and their phone number is 01223452587.
Where will you be leaving from? And what day?
The TR8288 meets your criteria. Would you like to book tickets?
Okay, your booking was successful. The total fee is 118 GBP which can be paid at the station. Your reference number is KXRU8MTT .
Will that be all for today?
Okay thank you for calling.
Where would you like to depart from?
What day do you plan to travel?
TR2730 leaves at 15:29 and can get you there at 16:07, would you like me to book you?
Train TR2730 is booked. The total fee is 50.5 GBP. Your reference number is DNJTEXTT . Now, what information do you need about Cambridge Artworks?
Cambridge Artworks in the East. Is there anything else I can assist you with today?
their address is 5 greens road. postcode is cb13ef. you can reach them at 01223902168.
enjoy your stay in cambridge
There are currnently zero finding for australasian food restraunts. May I assist you in a different search?
You are in luck. There are five restaurants in the centre of town that serve Modern European and three of those are moderately priced.
I have confirmed your reservation at riverside brasserie for Wednesday at 11:45. The table will be reserved for 15 minutes. Your reference number is PALJKS0A . Do you need further assistance?
There are two boats near the centre of town. Scudamores Punting Co. and The Cambridge Punter. Would you like the there addresses?
Scudamores Punting Co has a phone number of 01223359750 and an address of Granta Place, Mill Lane. The Cambridge Punter's number is 07807718591 and their address is 251a Chesterton Road.
I'm sorry but I don't have price info on either of them. Which boat house would you like a taxi to?
The contact number for Scudamores Punting Co is 01223359750. What time are wanting to leave or arrive by for the taxi booking?
Okay, I've reserved a taxi from Scudamore's Punting Co. to Riverside Brasserie. You will arrive in time for your 11:45 reservation. It's a blue BMW contact no. 07704312834.
Is there anything else I can help you with today?
I sure can! The TR6549 leaves at 05:01. Need a ticket?
I can book you TR4481 that leaves at 17:01 and arrives at 18:01. Do you want me to book it?
I can do that. First, let me confirm how many tickets will be needed?
Great your booking was successful and your reference number is 875DQ3RF .
The Warkworth is located in the east and is moderately priced. They offer both free internet and parking. Their phone number is 01223363682. Would you like to book a room?
Thank you have a nice day.
Yes! This hotel is located in the north. It has a 2 star rating and is in the moderate price range. Is there anything else I can assist you with?
The address for Lovell Lodge is 365 Milton Road, and the phone number is 01223425478. Is there anything else I can help you with?
All right, thanks for contacting the Cambridge TownInfo Centre and have a great day!
The Gandhi is a cheap Indian restaurant in the center of town, located at 72 Regent Street City Centre, cb21dp.
I was able to book your table for 6 on Tuesday at 15:00. The reference number is : AFTPPX46 .
Thank you, Can I help you with anything else?
There are 13, christ's college, corpus christi, downing college, emmanuel college, and many others. Does any of those interest you?
postcode is cb23bu, telephone number is 01223334900 and entrance is free
I need to know your destination and the time you want to live or arrive
Your taxi is a red lexus, contact number 07433308115. Can I do anything else for you today?
You're welcome, have a great day!
By restraint, do you mean a restaurant?
I don't have anything that meets those requirements. Can I try something else?
Yes! The Ali Baba is a moderately-priced Lebanese restaurant in the centre of town. Would you like to reserve a table?
Your reference number is AMV1FOTC . Would you like me to find a guesthouse in the city centre?
Alexander bed and breakfast is a cheap, four star guesthouse in centre. Would you like me to book it for you?
They do have free internet. The postcode is CB12DE. Can I help you with anything else?
Alright, be on the look out for a red lexus. Here is the contact number for the taxi service, 07962943978. Is there anything else I can help you with?
You are welcome. Have a wonderful visit. Thank you for using the Cambridge TownInfo centre. Goodbye.
I'm sorry, there are no expensive guesthouses available. Would you like to try a moderately priced guesthouse instead?
Unfortunately, there are not any available guesthouses in the expensive price range. May I suggest a moderate priced one that has the quality of an expensive one?
Please confirm - are you looking for a hotel or a guesthouse?
Okay, what part of town are you looking for?
There are no moderate hotels in the east. However, there is an expensive hotel in the east called express by holiday inn Cambridge. Do you want to book?
I recommend Carolina Bed and Breakfast in east. It gets 4 stars. Would you like more info or for me to help book it?
What would you like to know?
yes, free wifi and parking
Booking was successful. Reference number is : ELJHQGOZ . Can I help you with anything else?
We have train every two hours starting at 05:17, what time works for you?
How about the TR417 train arriving by 12:08?
You are welcome.
Nothing specifically marked entertainment, although we do offer quite a lot to do, from theatres to parks.
You're in luck. There are 13. I'd recommend visiting Downing College on Saint Andrew's Street. Entrance is free. Would that work for you?
Yes, their post code is cb21dq and the address is on regent street.
No problem. Is that all you needed today?
Thank you, goodbye.
Well, we have a large variety of restaurants here, 110 in total! What type of food would you like? What is your price range?
There are two restaurants that meet your criteria: anatolia and efes restaurant. Do you have a preference?
I have two matching that criteria. Would you like me to pick one for you?
I am sorry. Are we looking for a train or dining? I have both for you. Let me know.
Okay dining or train. I am doing my best to help but I can't get you to specify what you need.
Booking was successful. The table will be reserved for 15 minutes.Reference number is : I4ZWILZE .
I have train TR6163 leaving at 5:29 and arriving at 6:07. Would you like to book that?
Booking was successful, the total fee is 16.16 GBP payable at the station .Reference number is : YVA5YLP1 . anything else?
Is there anything else I can search for you today?
Thank you. Enjoy your dinner.
Unfortunately, I don't see any restaurants that meet your needs. Would you like to broaden your search area?
I'm sorry I am still not finding anything. is there another type of food you would be interested in looking for?
The Bedouin fits that description. Would you like any more information about the restaurant or assistance booking a visit?
It is expensive, yes. May I ask you to repeat the exact time you would like to book a table for?
I was unable to complete your booking. Would you like to try and book for another day or for another time slot?
There are nine hotels with wifi offered. What price range are you looking for? In the meantime, I will also attempt your restaurant booking.
Your table is booked at the Bedouin for 18:00 on Sunday. Reference number WG0TBBPF . I see that the University arms hotel is in the same area.
The address for the University Arms Hotel is Regent Street and the phone number is 01223351241. Would you like me to make a reservation for you?
The University Arms is located in the Centre. I have also booked you a taxi. Look for a Red Volvo. The taxi's contact number is 07835109126. Will you need anything else?
Great, I hope I was able to assist you with everything you needed. Have a good day.
You are very welcome. Enjoy your stay!
I have several different options available. Did you want one with free entrance?
Christ's College is free to enter
Yes, it's located at saint andrew's street, postcode cb23bu . Is there any other information you need?
Thank you, goodbye.
Certainly. I have the listing here. What do you need to know?
Your reservation is set, reference number is UXVWQEL9 . Is there anything else I can help you with today?
Thanks for contacting the Cambridge TownInfo Centre and have a great day!
I have several. How does the cafe jello sound? It has free admission.
The phone number is 01223312112, do you need any more information?
Can you please advise what day you need the train, and what time for arrival and departure, as well as destination, you need the train for?
The first train leaves cambridge at 05:50 and the last train that leaves is at 23:50, with several leaving in-between. What time do you want to leave cambridge?
TR6975 leaves Cambridge for Ely at 19:50. Does that work?
Yes, it arrives by 20:07 and the price is 4.40 pounds. Anything else?
Thank you for using Cambridge TownInfo centre. Please remember us for all of your future travel needs.
Yes, if you can please provide me a day of the week and where you are coming from I am happy to give you some options.
TR2471 leaves at 23:60. and costs 3.60 pounds. can i book for you?
How many tickets would you like?
I will book that for you now.
Actually, Train TR2471 leaves London Kings Cross at 23:17 at a cost of 23.60 pounds. I have booked one seat, reference number XNIAW5CW .
Cityroomz is moderately priced and in the centre. Would you like me to book a room for you?
It does indeed, should we go ahead and book a room for you?
I've book a single occupancy room for five nights beginning Tuesday. Your reference number is 1NOM5RUH . Can I help you with anything else today?
You're welcome! Have a great day!
Where will you be departing from?
What time would like to get there?
Alright I've got a blue volkswagen and the contact number is 07339810111. Anything else I can do
Thanks for using the Cambridge TownInfo Centre. Goodbye!
Absolutely. It is an expensive hotel located in the west part of town. It has 4 starts and includes free wifi and parking. Would you like help booking a room?
Sorry, there are not enough rooms available for that time period. Perhaps a different day or a shorter stay might yield better results.
Booking was successful. Your reference number is : OO8QDA62 .
Goodbye. Have a nice stay!
I'd be happy to help! Where are you coming from and where are you going?
What time would you like to travel?
There are several trains that meet your criteria. How early would you like to arrive? That will help me narrow down your choices.
There is a train that departs at 16:11 and arrives at 16:58. The train number is TR0864 and the cost is 7.84 per person.
Sure, its at Crowne Plaza Hotel 20 Downing Street, their number is 08719429180 and they have a moderate price range with international food.
You're welcome, have a nice day.
I have many,what price rage would you like?
Alright, how about the Allenbell? It also offers free parking!
Yes, I can book that room for you.
The reference number is 308E0XXQ . Thank you!
Sure, I can help you with that. Were you looking for a specific kind of attraction?
Would you like to visit the Cambridge Artworks? It is also in the East and has free admission.
The address is 5 greens road. Is there anything else I can help you with?
Sure, I can help you with that. Do you want the taxi to pick you up from the hotel?
You're booked! Your car will be a red Honda with a contact number of 07848659744. Anything else I can help you with?
i am happy you used our services. welcome again anytime
restaurant alimentum is a modern European restaurant in the south. It is located at 152 - 154 Hills Road. Their phone number is 01223413000.
Booking was successful. The table will be reserved for 15 minutes. Reference number is : AO7B2S0G .
There are 11 museums in the centre. Is there a particular one that you are looking for?
How about Castle Galleries? Admission is free!
sure the phone number is 01223307402 and the postcode is cb23bj
You're welcome, and thanks, you, too!
I can absolutely help with that. Do you have any additional preferences?
I see a few choices here. Do you have any other requirements?
There are 7 gueshouses that meet your requirements. Is there an area of town that you prefer?
Would you like me to make a booking for you.
Can I recommend autumn house located at 710 newmarket road, the phone number is 01223575122.
always there for help, enjoy your stay!
the Gourmet Burger Kitchen has exactly what you are looking for. It is located at Regent Street City Centre.
It is in the center of town. Phone number is 01223312598.
What day would you like to make this travel? Also is there a specific time you wish to arrive?
How about Sunday at 19:11. Can I book that for you?
I've booked that for you. The reference number is V15XAOVW . Is there anything else I can assist you with today?
Glad I could be of service. Have a wonderful day!
Yes, cityroomz is available. Would you like me to book a room for you?
0 stars. moderate price range.
Sorry I don't have any Polynesian restaurants in the area. is there another kind of food you are looking for?
Nope. So sorry. No polynesian restaurants in the center.
yes 3. do you prefer cheap or expensive?
sure, there is la mimosa or shiraz restaurant to choose from.
Reference number is : 1UBR84QY . Is there anything else?
if your leaving the resturant going back to the hotel a grey toyota will be picking you up the contact # is 07105515127
Sorry about the mixup. A yellow ford will take you to la mimosa in time for your reservation. Their contact number is 07669331804. Anything else I can do for you?
Thank you for using our service!
Thank you. Enjoy your stay.
Yes I have many to choose from . Could we narrow it down by cuisine? What type of food sounds good to you?
While we have lots of expensive restaurants in the center of town, none of them serve Latin american food. Would you like another cuisine?
Oh yes, we have several Indian restaurants! I recommend Panahar, located at 8 Norfolk Street City Centre. Would you like a table there?
There doesn't seem to be any availability for Saturday at 19:45. Is there another time slot, or possibly another day, that would work for you?
The booking was successful at 18:45. Your reference number is : XLWRECBF . Is there anything else that I can do for you?
Thank you for calling, enjoy!
What day would like to leave and what is your preferred departure and arrival time?
I have 10 trains leaving on Sunday. What is your preferred departure and arrival times?
the TR0427 leaves at 19:00. would you like a ticket?
The travel time is 51 minutes, the arrival time is 19:51, and each ticket costs 18.88GBP. Can I help you with anything else today?
The Hotpot is an expensive Chinese restaurant in the North. Would you like a reservation?
what day would you like the reservation? also, the number of guests and time would be needed.
What time would you prefer?
I have booked you a reservation. The reference number is N19VGDFW . Is there anything else I can help you with?
Great. Please call again if we can help you with anything. Goodbye.
Sure can you tell me your destination and time of travel ?
TR1016 leaves at 21:32 and arrives at 22:32, will this train work?
Booking was successful, the total fee is 114.56 GBP payable at the station .Reference number is : AA3V02DD . what else can i do for you?
Certainly! Kambar is a great nightclub in city centre at 1 wheeler street. The postcode is CB23QB and their phone is 01223842725. The entrance fee is a mere 5 pounds!
The address is 1 wheeler street postcode cb23qb and the phone number is 01223842725.
You are welcome. Enjoy your visit.
I have 4 swimmingpools. One in the east, two in the north and one in the centre. Would you like a particular area?
Unfortunately, we don't have a swimming pool there. As far as a theatre, we have The Junction in the south on Clifton way.
The Junction is located on Clifton Way. Their postcode is cb17gx. Is there anything else I can help with?
Could you please provide me with your departure site and destination site. Also your departure time and arrival time.
Do you know either what time you'd like to depart or what time you want to arrive by?
Train TR5091 leaves at 12:11 and arrives by 12:58. Would you like me to book you a ticket?
I will work on getting that booked and be right back with you.
I was able to book it, reference number is 55SC2R8Z .
You're welcome. Enjoy your visit.
Unfortunately, there are no restaurants in town that offer scottish food. Is there another type of food you might be interested in?
I've heard good things about the lucky star. It serves cheap chinese food in the south. Does that work for you?
I don't have anything that meets that criteria.
I have the ask located at 12 Bridge street city centre.
Okay, the book was successful, your reference number is RKR9DUWV . Is there anything else I can do for you?
Sorry there are no mutliple sports attractions in the centre of town. Would you like to try a different type or area?
We have 13 colleges in the centre of town. Personally, I would recommend christ's college located on saint andrew's street.
Christ's college postcode is cb23bu it is a attraction classified as a college.
You're welcome. Have a great day!
I would love to help you with that. Where would you like to be picked up, and where are you going?
I'm sorry, are you going to the Cambridge chop house, or did you mean the cambridge shop?
I have you booked. A yellow lexus will pick you up at 10:30. The contact number is 07463778759. Will there be anything else?
Yes, I have you arranged to be picked up by a black Honda at 10:45.
Have a great time!
Yes, that's at Cherry Hinton Hall, Cherry Hinton Road in the east of town. Is there anything else you'd like to know about it? Or anything else I can help with?
The post code is cb18dw.
There are many guesthouses in the east from cheap to moderate. I'd suggest warkworth house, with free wifi and parking. Phone number 01223363682. Can I book for you?
There are so many attractions to choose from! Are you interested in any particular area?
Are you into architecture at all because we have some awesome churches I can recommend.
The Cambridge University Botanic Gardens is a park on Bateman Street. It's located in the centre area. Can I help you with anything else?
There is an entrance fee of 4 pounds. Would you like me to look elsewhere for something free?
I would be happy to assist you. Let's get some details of what you need. What is your destination and when will you be travelling?
Ok, ther first train after 16:30 is TR5298 from bishops stortford to cambridge on sunday at 17:29 and arrives at 18:07. Shall I book it, if so for how many?
Booking was successful, the total fee is 8.08 GBP payable at the station. Reference number is : GNJD3R16 . Will there be anything else today?
Have a safe trip.
You have several options. If traveling by train, where would you like to depart?
I would recommend TR2016 which leaves Cambridge at 7:06 and arrives at 7:56.
I'm sorry, I stated the ID number incorrectly. The train ID is TR9362. All other information is accurate. Should I still book?
Booking was successful! Your reference number is 12JCWP2T . Do you need anything else?
Ballare is a nightclub in the center of town. There is a 5 pound entrance fee.
Thank you for using our service today!
There are a few choices. Do you have a cuisine preference?
How about maharajah tandoori restaurant? They are located at 41518 Castle Street City Centre.
They are 01223358399 and cb30ah respectively. Do you need anything else?
Hobson's House is a guesthouse in the west. It's moderately priced with free internet and parking. Would you like me to book it?
Yes the booking was successful and the reference number is 31L2HY44 .
You are all booked at Hobsons House at 96 barton road. You're welcome.
I need to narrow down the search for you. Where are you heading?
I'm sorry, to help narrow down the results please reply with where you will be departing from and your requested arrival/departure time.
There is a train depart at 13:11 and arrive by 13:58. Would that work for you?
Please confirm where you are coming from. Are you leaving from London--King's Cross Station? Or from somewhere else?
TR0516 arrives at 12:07, would you like to reserve seats?
I'm sorry for the mix-up, train TR0516 is not available on Tuesday. I do have TR4173 available but it arrives in Cambridge at 12:07. Will this work?
You are booked. You'll pay 20.2 pounds at the station. Your reference number is ES8ZDMR2 . May I help with anything further?
thanks a lot
You too! Please let us know if there's anything else we can help you with.
I have several options for four star hotels with free wifi. What area would you like to stay in?
I have two hotels that meet your requirements. the Alexander Bed and Breakfast, and the University Arms Hotel. Would you like me to book a reservation for either one?
Sure, the Alexander Bed and Breakfast is a guesthouse, phone number 01223525724, and the University Arms Hotel is a hotel, phone number 01223351241.
Certainly. For how many nights? And will it just be you staying?
The first available train from Kings Lynn to Cambridge that leaves after 16:30 on Monday is the TR0415; would you like to go ahead and book this?
19.6 GBP is payable at the station. Your reference number is DZJVJJH6 .
You're welcome. Enjoy your stay
thank you.
I booked you a reservation at Alexander B&B, Saturday night thru Monday, for two adults. Is there anything I can assist with?
Have a great day!
There are 5 nightclubs in town, all in the city center. Ballare is my favorite.
The fee is 5 pounds.
the phone number is 01223364222 and the postcode is cb23na
There are several 4 star places to stay in the east. What price range are you interested in?
I'm sorry, there are no expensive hotels. Would you like to try searching for something else?
I recommend Warkworth House, it's a moderately priced 4 star guesthouse. If you're not satisfied with this there are two other guesthouses in the east. Would you like a reservation?
its address is warkworth terrace. anything else i can help?
I have booked you a taxi that will arrive by 14:45. The contact number is 07001612246 and it will be a white Ford. Anything else I can help you with?
Alright. Glad I could be of help.
I can! What day are you coming to visit?
There are 4 options for a train to cambridge from stevenage on Thursday. One train leaves at 05:54 arriving by 06:43, does that work?
TR1163 does arrive earliest and it's 12.80 pounds.
Yes certainly it is located in the south and their address is 5 Mowbray road and they are moderately priced.
Your booking was successful. The reference number is : XNIEV1XP . What else can I assist you with today?
We hope you enjoy your stay and hope we can help you again in the future.
Yes, however, the person before me selected the wrong domain (attraction instead of restaurant) and now I can't look up the Chinese restaurant!
Sure, how about christ's college located in the centre on saint andrew's street. The postcode is cb23bu. It is free to enter. Is there anything else you need?
The phone number is 01223334900.
saint catharine's college is at king's parade
Sure. Is there a part of town which would be most convenient for you?
Acorn guest house matches that.
Okay, you're all set with a reservation. The reference number for your booking is 37LXNAGC . What else can I do for you?
Where do you wanna be picked up and dropped at?
What would be an acceptable time for the driver to pick you up?
Okay! You'll be picked up in a white Tesla. The contact number is 07019261974. Can I help you with anything else?
You're welcome! Goodbye
Yes I have many listings for that type of hotel,if you tell me your price range I can narrow down your options.
The avalon is a moderately priced guesthouse-type that matches your criteria.
The postcode for the Avalon is cb43pd, it is moderately priced hotel, and it is located at 62 gilbert road.
Unfortunately there are no matching restaurants in the North. Would you like to try a different type of cuisine, or a different area?
No I am sorry there are no locations I have found. Is there anything else I can help you with?
There is one, Da Vinci Pizzeria, would you like to book that?
Sure, da vinci pizzeria is located at 20 Milton Road Chesterton postcode cb41jy, phone 01223351707. Can I help you with anything else?
Thank you, goodbye.
I have the adc theatre on park street and they are located in the centre.
It seems that the ADC theatre does not have it's entrance fee posted to the public. I'm sorry about that. Did you want information about something else?
There multiple trains leaving London Kings Cross after 13:30. Is there a more specific time you would like to leave?
TR0397 leaves at 15:17 heading to Cambridge would you like this?
TR0397 arrives at 16:08. Would you like me to book?
Is there anything else I may help you with today?
The duration of the trip is 51 minutes. Is there anything else I may help you with today?
No problem! Thank you for using the Cambridge Towninfo centre! Have a wonderful day.
sure, what can i help you with?
Clare College's postcode is cb21tl. Do you need any more information?
What time would you like to travel, and then what will your departure site be?
Okay the TR9225 leaves at 11:09 and arrives by 12:54.
Okay, I have you booked on that train. Your reference number is 0D5FWSGL . Is there anything else I can help you with?
Please let us know if there is anything we can assist you with in the future. Have a great trip! Goodbye.
Where are you looking to depart from?
There are two trains an hour leaving peterborough all evening. Do you know what time you plan to leave?
TR4182 leaves Peterborough at 18:19 and arrives in Cambridge at 19:09. Will this work for you?
The price is 16.50 pounds.
Are you certain you don't need further assistance?
You're welcome. Thank you for using the Cambridge TownInfo centre. Goodbye.
Absolutely! They are a wonderful guesthouse in the northern part of town. They are moderately priced and rated 3 stars.
No they unfortunately do not have parking. Is there anything else i can help you with or any other information you would like to know about that hotel or area?
Where are you departing from? And what time would you like to arrive?
TR3456 leaves London Kings Cross on Tuesday at 13:17 and arrives in Cambridge at 14:08. The cost is 23.60 pounds. Will this meet your needs?
travel time is 51 minutes.
Is there anything else I can do for you today?
Ok great, enjoy your trip! Goodbye.
There are 4 places in the west area. Two are listed as guesthouses and two are hotels. Would you like more information?
I'm sorry, but there are no hotels in the west part of town that have 4 stars and are moderately priced. Can I look for something different for you?
There are six moderately priced 4 star places in the north which offer free parking. The Acorn Guest House is a popular choice.
Yes, they do. Would you like to book a reservation?
Sure, I'm happy to help.
The Golden House is a Chinese restaurant at 12 Lensfield Road City Centre. Would you like their phone number?
The golden house serves Chinese cuisine and the price range is cheap. Would you like me to place a reservation for you?
There are 21 guesthouses that include free parking, did you have an area or price range in mind?
I have 12 guesthouses that are moderately priced and include free wifi. Is there an area that you prefer to stay in?
OK, you're booked at the acorn guest house, 82 arbury road, for 5 nights starting Tuesday. Your reference number is F2CK0QDQ . Is there anything else?
Thank you for using our service. Have a great day!
Was that a train arriving or departing from Norwich?
There are 19 trains that day. What time do you need to depart and/or arrive?
Alrighty, I booked a train from cambridge to norwich on saturday leaving at 5:36 and arriving at 6:55. Your total is 56.32 GBP and reference number is MX50BQU1 .
We have many museums in town! What area will you be in?
I'm sorry, I meant what area of Cambridge (north, south, east, west, centre)?
The phone number of Byard Art is 01223464646
You are quite welcome. Please enjoy your stay in Cambridge!
There are many places to go in the centre! What sort of place would you like to go? A museum, park, or someplace else?
I'm sorry. I am not showing anything listed under just entertainment. We have listings for several nightclubs and theaters. Would you be interested in information for any of those?
Yes! There are 13 colleges in the centre. The first one listed is Christ's College and it is located at Saint Andrew's Street and the phone number is 01223334900.
Pizza express serves italian food and is in town centre in the moderate price range. Is this the one you're looking for?
Ok. I booked a table for three at 13:45. The reference number is 6UPR0Q63 . Can I help you with anything else?
You are welcome. Enjoy your day.
And what sort of details would you like then?
I apologize, but there's no openings for that time frame. Would you like to try for a shorter stay or another day?
Booking was successful, your Reference number is : TXF0WZ1O .
sure thing. Does funky fun house sound good to you?
Sorry, the entrance fee of the place is unavailable to our system. Do you need more help?
when do you want to leave or arrive by?
you're all set. The taxi is a red ford with a contact number 07961394234.
You're welcome. Goodbye!
Unfortunately I'm not finding any mexican restaurants in the cheap range. Did you have another choice?
I have 4 chinese restaurants in the city. I have 3 in the centre and 1 in the south. Is there a particular area you would like to be?
I recommend the Rice House. Their phone number is 01223367755.
The phone number is 01223333200. It is located on trinity land and the post code is cb21tl. The entrance fee is 2.50
There is no specific number but their address in our system is listed as Trinity Lane.
It is our pleasure to help you. Have a great day now!
There are 18 colleges to choose from. Are you looking to visit a specific area?
There are 13 in the centre of the town, many of them offer free entrance. Would you be interested in Christ's college?
You can reach Christ's College at 01223334900. As far as guesthouses, I have 2 that meet your criteria. Both offer free wifi and parking. Hobson's House is moderately priced.
You can reach Hobsons House at 01223304906. Is there anything else I can help you with?
Would you like me to book a room for you at Hobson's House?
Hobsons House is in the west, on 96 barton road, cb39lh. It's in the moderate price range. It's a 3 star hotel with free wifi and parking. Anything else?
Please contact us again if there is anything else you should need.
You are very welcome. Good bye.
I can help you with that. First I just need your destination.
sure! its a white ford and the contact number is 07449185919
No, thank you and I hope the rest of your day goes great.
Let us know if you need any further assistance.
There are many options and they're all free. Do you have a preference between art and history?
I'd suggest cambridge contemporary art, it has free entrance. Do you need help with anything else?
Yes the address is 6 trinity street.
What kind of food would you like today?
The A and B Guesthouse is 4 stars. Would you like more information on it?
The Acorn Guest house does match all of your requirements, would you like to book there?
Okay, you're all set. I have booked a 4-night stay at the Acorn Guest House for 7 people on Thursday. The reference number is WCCMSR3L . Anything else for you today?
Glad I could help you today. Hope you have a great day.
OK, I've Pizza Express Fen Ditton. Would you like the phone number or address for that?
They serve Italian food, and they're located at Jesus Lane Fen Ditton, cb58ba. Their phone number is 01223324033. Can I help with anything else today?
Thank you, have a good day, goodbye.
We have many options that meet your criteria. Is there a certain day you are traveling?
Ok, I can book tickets on the TR9809 arriving by 14:07. How many seats will you need?
The train has been booked. Your reference number is : AFTHGYEI . Is there anything else I can help you with?
How about holy trinity church, they are located on market street in the centre. Phone number is 01223355397.
They have free admission. Is there anything else I can help you with?
You're Welcome! Have a great time!
Saint Johns Chop House is at 21 - 24 Northampton Street. Would you like the phone number as well or could I book a table for you?
You are all set. The table will be held for 15 minutes and your reference number is IPY1DUUN . Can I assist you with anything further today?
Sure thing - just let me know where you're going, what day you're going there, and at what time.
TR7076 leaves at 10:34, would you like that one? There's TR7386 that leaves at 11:06.
They both cost 16.50 pounds. How many tickets would you like me to reserve for you?
The price for either would be 66 GBP for four tickets. Would you like me to book one of these for you?
I've booked it for you, the reference number is U4GOWVHS .
Glad to be of help. have a nice day.
We have a few! The ballare is good and is in the centre of the city.
The postcode is cb23na.
I found two for you. La Margherita is good if you want Italian food, and Thanh Binh if you'd like Vietnamese. They're both near each other.
I'm not finding anything in that area and price range that meets that criteria. Could I try a different price range or area?
I have found La Margherita. It serves italian food and is in the west with a cheap price range. Would you like a reservation?
The address is 15 Magdalene Street City Centre and the post code is cb30af. Did you want the booking for 9 pm?
They do not open until 10, can I try another time.
I just need a little more information. What will your destination be?
Okay booking complete! Your taxi will be a grey Lexus, 07626989651
I'm glad I could help. Enjoy your stay. Have a good rest of the day.
It was a pleasure helping you. Thanks for using our service. Goodbye.
sure thing. which worth house hotel do you need the address for?
The worth house guesthouse in the northern side of town is located at 152 chesterton road, is this the one you are looking for?
Yes I have booked the Worth House guesthouse for 2 people for 5 nights beginning Saturday. Your reference number is W9945XIS . Can I help with anything else?
I'm not seeing any cheap panasian restaurants in the south. Would you like me to look for something else?
There is 1. It is called The Lucky Star and its address is Cambridge Leisure Park Clifton Way Cherry Hinton. Would you like me to make a reservation for you?
I'm sorry, there are no reservations available at that day/time. Is there another day/time that would work for you?
I have booked The Lucky Star for 2 at 18:45, the reference number is RVESWV8I . Is there anything else I can help with?
Your taxi has been booked. You have a reservation for a yellow skoda. The contact number is 07404779442. Is there anything else I can help you with?
The contact number for the taxi service is 07404779442. If there anything else I can help you with?
You're welcome. Have a nice day.
Archway House is a moderately priced guesthouse on the north end. It is ranked 4 stars, and offers both free wifi and free parking.
How many rooms do you need?
How long will you be staying?
You are booked at Archway House. Your reference number is 2G8LC07R . Camboats is a boating attraction in the east. What other information do you need?
Sure, the postcode is CB58SX. Is there anything else I can help you with?
I have booked that taxi look for a yellow toyota with a contact number of 07227467567.
You're welcome. Enjoy your trip! Goodbye
There are four options available. Do you have a particular price range in mind?
I still am showing 4 entries. Do you have a preference for stars?
Finches Bed and Breakfast, Hobsons House, Hunting Marriott Hotel, and The Cambridge Belfry are available.
Alright, just one guest?
Finches has 4 stars and is cheap. Their phone number is 01223276653. Are you sure you wouldn't like me to book the room for you?
I am sorry we were unable to find you a hotel that fit your preference, have a good day.
The cambridge chop house is available, would you like to book there?
They serve British food and their phone is 01223359506. Would you like to book a table?
I love the Downing College in the city centre. It's free to attend. It's on Regent Street and is free. Would that work?
Is there anything else I can do?
Have a good trip!
I have the a and b guest house. Do you want to book it ?
Ok, there is the Hobson's House in the west of town. It's got 3 stars and is moderately priced with free wifi. Would you like to start a booking?
That is the only moderately priced one in that area. Did you have something else in mind or would you like to make a reservation for this one?
Booking was successful. Reference number is : GZ1TEVAT . is there anything else i can help you with?
Sure what time would you like to travel?
I will call and arrange a new time and provide a reference number.
I booked you a seat on TR3953, leaving Cambridge at 13:11. Your reference number is 1I5JEN2V .
You're welcome is there anything else I can do for you today?
welcome any time you need our help
Have a good day
Royal Standard is an expensive gastropub in the east. Would you like to book a table?
The address is 290 Mill Road City Centre. The phone number is 01223247877. Is there anything else I can help you with?
You're welcome, enjoy your meal.
What kind of attraction? We've got architecture, museums, theatres, colleges, and clubs. Do any of these categories appeal to you?
I suggest the Mumford Theatre at Anglia Ruskin Enterprise, East Road.
Sure, the mumford theatre is in the town centre, and the phone number is 08451962320. I'm not sure about the entrance fee however.
Was there anything else I can assist you with today?
Unfortunately, there are no restaurants that match that exact request. Care to change the location or type of food?
We have several chinese restaurants in that area? What price range would you like?
For how many people will you need dining reservations?
The first available Chinese restaurant in the centre is Charlie Chan. If you would like to book there can I know the day and time?
I have that reserved for you.
The reference number for your booking is N36OGS3I, this table will be held for 15 mins should you not arrive at your reserved time.
Anything else I can do for you?
Glad I could be of help. Enjoy your dining experience.
Sure, how about zizzi cambridge, they offer cheap Italian food in the town centre.
Certainly, the phone number at zizzi cambridge is 01223365599. May I help with anything else?
You're welcome. Have a great day!
Found several restaurant in the west,is there a specific cuisine you will like?
We have 9 places that fit that criteria. Do you have a food type you are looking for?
How many people will you be dining with?
The TR2365 arrives in Cambridge by 10:35. Would you like me to book a seat for you?
It departs at 09:16 and costs 17.60 pounds. Would you like me to book you a ticket?
I am sorry but that information is not available.
I recommend Graffiti, they serve british food. Their post code is cb30lx and phone number is 01223277977. Is there anything else I can help you with?
Please review the conversation history and see if the TR2365 with its departure time of 09:16 and cost of 17.60 pounds meets your needs before we proceed.
Thank you for contacting Cambridge TownInfo Cenre. Have a great day!
We have 8 hotels offer free parking. Did you have a price range in mind? Or an area of town you want to stay in?
Both the Ashley Hotel and Lovell Lodge offer free parking and are moderately priced. They are also both on the north end of town. Do either of these sound good?
I'm sorry, but they are both 2 star hotels. Would you like to change your preferences?
We have a number of 4 star guesthouses with free parking, but no hotels.
There are 9 locations to choose from that meet your criteria. They're in various parts of the city. Would you prefer to stay in the north, south, or east?
I have booked you at kirkwood house. Reference number: A40VC3L5 . Anything else you need?
You are welcome. Have a nice stay. Bye.
how about bedouin? it serves african food, it is in the centre and the expensive price range
I have nothing with that type of food in the centre of town, would you like me to try another area?
Yes, i have 6 options for you!
All Expensive and all in the center. Do you need anything else?
the golden curry, curry garden, saffron brasserie
Booking was successful. The table will be reserved for 15 minutes. Reference number is : OZWMR17W . Anything more I can help with?
Would you like to narrow your choices down by departure site or day of travel?
TR6628 is the latest train you can take. It will arrive in Kings Cross at 17:51. Would you like to book a ticket?
Booking was successful, the total fee is 47.2 GBP payable at the station . Reference number is : 70AAB5NT .
enjoy your time in Cambridge!
Unfortunately, I couldn't find a restaurant that serves that kind of food in that area.
The cambridge chop house is expensive and it's british food. Is that okay?
I found the Little Seoul restaurant. Would you like me to make a reservation?
I'd be happy to reserve for you, what day and time are you looking for?
GG3DCUFD is your confirmation code, may I help you with anything else?
Thank you for using our services.
Worth House is a cheaply prices guesthouse in the north part of town. Is there more specific information you're looking for? Would you like to book a room?
I can reserve those rooms for you.
Ok, your rooms have been booked. Your reference number is REMVO3V9 . Is there anything else I can help you with?
There's lots to do in Cambridge; do you have a particular activity or type of attraction in mind?
What area of town would you prefer?
I have 11 museums in the centre. Might I suggest the Regency Gallery. They are located at 39 Fitzroy Street.
Their phone is: 01223365454. Can I help with anything else?
You're so welcome, have a great visit!
Do you prefer the north or east side of town?
How about the Ashley hotel?
Yes, the ashley hotel has both free internet and parking.
The address is 74 chesterton road, postcode cb41er. Do you need more information?
Thank you for using our services.
I can definitely help you find one. We have nearly 80 attractions around. Can you tell me what type of attraction you prefer or an area you would like to go?
The Castle Galleries is very popular and it has no entrance fee. Would you like the address?
The Castle Galleries are free of charge.
Acorn guest house is available if that works for you.
Booking was successful. Your reference number is 6RQXSUYD . Can I help you with anything else?
Sure! I have set that up. Booked car type is a white toyota and the Contact number is 07365958401.
You are quite welcome. Enjoy your visit to the galleries.
It is located at Huntingdon Road City Centre.
They serve British food and the restaurant is in the expensive price range. Would you like to make a booking?
Sure, there are plenty of choices. Do you have a price point?
What price range would you like?
We have 3 guesthouses that meet your criteria. Would you like a moderate or cheap guesthouse during your stay?
aylesbray lodge guest house is a 4 star guesthouse in the south part of town in the moderate price range and includes both internet and parking.
Sure. They are located at 5 Mowbray Road.
I'm glad I could help. Have a great day!
The Junction Theatre on Clifton Way is in the south. Would you like the phone number?
Their phone number is 01223511511 and the post code is cb17gx. Was there any other information you needed?
How about frankie and bennys?
Booking was successful. The table will be reserved for 15 minutes. Reference number is : VHXLHPZ1 . Is there anything else I can help with today?
So happy we could be of help today. Enjoy your time in Cambridge!
I can assist you with that. There are many options available to you leaving London Kings Cross arriving in Cambridge, what day and time would you prefer?
TR7147 departs at 11:17 would that work?
Booked! Reference number is YV5PJQHU . You will pay 56.64 GBP at the station. Anything else you need?
Okay thank you.
There are seven places that serve British food. What price range are you wanting?
There are three, Fitzbillies, The Cambridge CHop House and Midsummer House Restaurant. All in Centre.
I have booked a table and the reference number is : RVGNO6UQ .
What type of attraction would you like to see?
I recommend holy trinity church it's beautiful to visit and free. They are located on market street I don't have the exact address.
Can you tell me your departure and destination site and time you want to leave?
I will need a little more information first. What is your destination and what time would you like to leave the restaurant?
a grey honda has been booked for you. the contact number is 07723204875
Glad to help goodbye
Absolutely! Shiraz is an awesome Mediterranean restaurant in the city centre. Would you like to book a table?
I will work on that booking and be back with you shortly.
Booking was successful. The table will be reserved for 15 minutes. Reference number is : EXLOM4N4 .
Okay, do you have any requirements in mind: location, price range, etc?
there are 5. do you have a price range in mind?
The Gonville hotel is what I have avialable with those criteria. Shall I book it for you?
I have confirmed the expensive price range, and booked you, the reference number is 7N3BT3SQ, anything else that I can assist with?
Terrific. Enjoy your stay in Cambridge. Goodbye.
Unfortunately there are none. Would you like to try something else?
Yes, there are two: restaurant two two in the north at 22 Chesterton Road Chesterton cb43ax and cote in the centre at Bridge Street City Centre cb21uf. Anything else?
I'm sorry, there is no availability for Sunday at 17:30. Would you like to try a different day or time slot?
Booked! The table will be reserved for 15 minutes. Reference number is 48AQQ83Y .
You're welcome! Is there anything else I can help you with?
You're welcome, enjoy your meal.
Alright how about either the anatolia or efes restaurant?
phone number is 01223500005, post code is cb11ln and they are located in the centre.
Yes I have information on The Junction. What information are you specifically looking for?
It's on the South end. Anything else I can help with today?
No problem. Feel free to contact us again if you need assistance in the future. Goodbye.
Yes, I can. There are a lot of places to go here, are you looking for something in particular? Or maybe a part of town you'll be exploring?
I have quite a few museums in the centre of town. Do you have a price range?
I would suggest castle galleries.
Sure. The postcode is cb23bj. Is there anything else I can help you with?
I would recommend the Gonville Hotel. Would you like me to book it for you?
The Gonville has 3 stars. There is another - the Express by Holiday Inn Cambridge - that has 2 stars. It is in the east and has free Wifi.
The booking was successful the reference number is ESF85X2R . Is there anything else I can assist with today?
Would you be going to the restaurant from the hotel?
I need to know what time you need to leave also.
A blue honda will be picking you up and the contact number is 07522587942, anything else?
Okay, I'm glad I was able to assist you! Bye!
I can assist you with that. Can you tell me where you would be departing from?
Sure, their is a train that leaves at 9:24 am. Does that work?
Train TR7078 leaves at 16:24 and arrives by 16:52 with a travel time of 28 minutes. Would you like to book a seat?
Your booking was successful and the reference number is 28UYG6JR . Is there anything else I can help you with?
There are two restaurants that fit your criteria: Backstreet Bistro and The Slug and Lettuce. Does either of those appeal to you?
Okay great, I have you set and booked! Is that all?
Booking was successful, table will be reserved for 15 mins. Reference number is : PE63CDWY . Is there anything else that I can do for you?
Thank you for contacting Cambridge TownInfo centre. I hope you have a pleasant trip! Goodbye!
Sitar tandoori servers indian food and is in the east its expensive. phone number is 01223249955 post code is cb19hx
Is there anything else I can help you with today?
Your are all booked! Your reference number is 2X4LVW0R . Is there anything else I can do for you?
Can you tell me what you are looking to do so i can better serve you and are looking to pay an entrance fee?
Holy Trinity Church is an architectural attraction in the Centre. The phone number is 01223355397. Would you also like the address?
When would you like to the leave for the Holy Trinity Church?
The car is a white audi and the contact number is 07963242512.
Thank you for using our services.
It is located at St. Michael's Church Trinity Street City Centre
Booking was successful. The table will be reserved for 15 minutes. Your reference is OFS0EKF7 . Can I help with anything else?
There is a train leaving at 5:00.
i booked you train number TR4669, the total fee is 4.4 GBP payable at the station. Reference number is : LDORLIST . what type of cuisine do you prefer?
Sorry. Is there anything else I may help you with?
I hope you have a wonderful time.
You're welcome, goodbye.
There are 10 different cheap hotels that offer free parking. Do you have a specific area of town you'd like me to look, or perhaps a specific type of hotel/guesthouse?
How about the Alexander Bed and Breakfeast guesthouse? It is in the cheap price range and has 4 stars.
What day do you need to book and how many days do you wish to stay?
Absolutely. Alexander bed and breakfast has been booked! Your reference number is 3R2BIZA1 . Is there anything else I can help you with today?
What day will you be traveling on?
I have about 19 trains available. Can you tell me if you have a time you need to leave or arrive by?
There are 8 trains that arrive by 13:45. What time would you like to leave?
I have one train leaving cambridge at 12:40 and arriving at stansted airport at 13:08. Shall I book it for you?
I've booked 6 tickets on TR7621, the fee will be 60.59 GBP and your reference number is FLGYD2RO . Is there anything else I can do for you?
Your welcome. Contact us anytime.
I can't find any multiple sports attractions in town centre. Would you be interested in a different area?
Yes there are 11 in the area and all have free admission.
Sure, castle galleries is a great place to visit. It's located at unit su43, grande arcade, saint andrews street. The postcode is cb23bj. Any other information I can get for you?
I can help you find a train or a taxi, depending on where you are departing from.
The TR9900 leaves from Norwich to Cambridge on Friday at 05:16, would you like to book tickets?
The best train to get you there close to the time you want is TR4134 arriving at 10:35. Shall I book seats for you?
TR4134 departs at 9:16
You're very welcome. Please call back if we can be of further assistance. Goodbye.
i have their info, what would you like to know?
Okay! For when?
Let me book that for you now.
what about all saints church?
all saints church is an architecture type attraction.
Apologies for taking so long to book your table at Wagamama. Your reference number there is I77RQUXX and I have arranged a taxi for you to leave there and go eat.
Okay, where are you wishing to go for the second taxi?
Their address is simply Jesus Lane (because of course it is). Postcode cb58bs.
Yes, I have booked you a taxi. A blue bmw will arrive to pick you up, the contact number is 07200601710.
Yes the taxi will arrive at Wagamama by 17:45.
you are welcome, call me if you need anything else.
I see three locations that match your criteria. They all include free parking and wifi. Is there a particular price range you're interested in or any specific star rating you'd like?
Rosa's Bed and Breakfast is cheap. Can I make a reservation for you?
The address to Rosa's Bed and Breakfast is 53 Roseford Road. Can I do anything else for you?
Camboats are in the east area and their number is 01223902112. I apologize I do not know the entrance fee.
It is a boat type of attraction, can I get you anything else?
They do offer free wifi yes, what taxi info do you need?
Perfect! I have you booked in a grey skoda. The contact number is 07370293766. Is there anything else I can do for you?
Yes I booked you one. Will you be needing anything else?
You're welcome. Good-bye.
Definitely! Can you let me know how many people are in your party, what night you're arriving, and how many nights you're staying?
The address of the hotel is 82 Arbury road and they have both free parking and internet access.
The phone number is 08451962320.
Yes this is theatre in the centre, its located at anglia ruskin enterprise, east road with a postcode of cb11pt. Do you need anything else?
THat is all I need today thank you for contacting us.
Have a good visit.
We offer three locations with those criteria. Any preference on area?
I apologize, but we don't have a guesthouse that fits your criteria. Would you like to try a hotel?
The Alexander Bed and Breakfast is a cheap guesthouse in that area, it has 4 stars and offers free wifi. Can I book this for you?
How many nights do you need?
I was able to book the Alexander B&B for you for 4 people and 5 nights starting on Thursday. The reference number is 1KWO2DAQ .
Cheers. Have a great day.
Sorry, there are no barbeque restaurants in the centre. Can I help you find something else?
Yippee noodle bar serves asian oriental food.
Yes, Yippee Noodle Bar is in postcode cb11lh. Can I be of any further assistance today?
Thank you. Have a good day, goodbye.
The Avalon hotel is located in the north area.
Yes, it has internet.
TR0996 departs norwich at 9:16 and arrives at 10:35 in cambridge.
Your booking was successful. The cost for the ticket is 14.08 GBO and your reference number is GT4JL5RA . May I help you with anything else?
I have corrected the booking for 5 people. Your new reference number is R6QP0VXM . Is there anything more I can help with?
We are happy to help. Thanks for using our service. Have a great day!
I could help you with that. Could you please provide me with where you will be departing from, and what day and time?
TR2515 leaves Leicester at 18:09 on Saturday and arrives in Cambridge by 19:54. Does this work for you?
It is 30.24 pounds and takes 105 minutes. Is there anything else you need?
Okay whipple museum of the history of science is located in the centre and is free admission.
Their phone number is 01223330906. Will that be all?
Have a nice day.
Yes, the missing sock is an international restaurant in the east in the cheap price range. Would you like a reservation?
The post code is cb259aq.
I have 1 hotel called the lensfield hotel located on 53-57 lensfield road.
The Lenfield is a 3 star hotel. They do offer free parking.
There is one located in the east, express by holiday inn cambridge. It has free internet and parking, would you like to book?
How many guests will be staying?
You are all set, the reference number is 9WZD62FF, anything else that I can assist with?
There is a Missing Sock off of Finders Corner Newmarket Road. it looks to be cheap, and is in the east side of the city.
Sure, I found you a blue Tesla, their contact number is 07980198100. Can I assist you with anything else?
Thank you and enjoy your time in Cambridge!
There are 33 restaurants that meet your needs. Would you like to narrow it down by cuisine?
It seems there are no tables for 7 available at 15:15, did you want to book for something later in the day?
I've booked table at Bedouin for you at 14:15. The table will be reserved for 15 minutes. Your reference number is K6QAFBCR .
The TR4748 arrives in Cambridge at 14:08. Would you like me to book it?
I'm sorry, but what is your departure station?
How about TR0721, it arrives by 12:07? Alternatively, the TR9809 arrives by 14:07.
The price for either train is 3.52 pounds.
Thank you for using the Help Desk! Contact me again if you decide you want me to help you book a train.
Yes, it is a museum in the west with free admission. Would you like the phone number?
Their phone number is 01223295264. Do you need anything else?
There are 33 expensive restaurants in the centre of town. Is there a type of food that you would prefer?
I'm sorry, there aren't any north indian restaurants out of that list, perhaps a different type of food?
You can go to Little Seoul. Would you like for me to book you a table?
Little Seoul is located at 108 Regent Street City Centre and their postcode is CB21DP. What else can I do for you?
Wonderful. You have a superb day today.
I have 5 restaurants that would fit that, is there a particular area you want to dine in?
How about Prezzo? It's located at 21 - 24 Northampton Road.
You have a nice day also. Good bye.
There are several guesthouses and 1 hotel in the east part of town. What price range are you looking for?
I do not have anything in the east that matches your request. Would you like to change the area or the type of accomodations?
I have 3 guesthouses that match your criteria. everton house, autumn house, and allenbell. Does any of these interest you?
Everyone seems to enjoy the Allenbell.
Yes, they do. Would you like to book a room?
Yes, they have free Wifi. Their postcode is cb13js.
You are welcome. Give us a call if you need anything.
There are a total of 5 different architecture locations in the centre that you may be interested. I recommend visiting the Holy Trinity Church.
Absolutely, the phone number is 01223355397 and the postcode is cb23nz.
Of course! Loch Fyne is an expensive seafood restaurant in city centre. Can I make you reservations?
Unfortunately the booking was unsuccessful.
You'll find a table for 8 at Loch Fyne for 18:15, reference number NGNNFSHD . They'll only hold the table until 18:30, though. Will you need a taxi there?
Fantastic. Enjoy your time in Cambridge!
There are currently no available sports attractions in the centre of town. Is there anything else I can do for you?
Christ's college is in town centre, located at saint andrew's street. It has free entrance. Do you want their contact number?
It is free to enter. The phone number is 01223334900 and the address is saint andrew's street. Can I help with anything else?
I see 3 hotels in the centre of the city, all have wifi for free, Cityroomz is moderately priced. Gonville and University Arms are available. Would you like to try them?
The Gonville Hotel and the University Arms Hotel both have free parking.
Alright I've got you booked, the reference number is WXC38SPV . Is there anything else I can help you with?
You're very welcome! Thank you for using our service!
There are two - La Tasca is moderately priced and La Raza is on the cheap side. Do either of those meet your needs?
I would be happy to. Do you have a specific time in mind?
Sorry, they were both booked. Would you like to try another day or time slot?
I was able to get you a table at 10:15. Ref# LPYDMTDI . Can I help with anything else today?
Sure! TR0627 seems to fit your needs. It arrives at 09:55, but there are a few options that are earlier, too.
I was able to book 8 seats for you. The total fee is 140.8 pounds and the reference number is HYPRVMOQ .
Your welcome. Goodbye.
When would you like to get there by?
When would you like to arrive?
Booking completed! Booked car type : grey ford Contact number : 07789662806
Thank you for contacting the Cambridge TownInfo centre!
There are quite a few expensive restaurants in the centre! Can you help me by telling me what type of food you'd like to eat?
How about Loch Fyne on The Little Rose 37 Trumpington Street? Would you like me to make a reservation for you?
Ok, the phone number is 01223362433 and the post code is cb21qy. Is there anything else I can do for you?
What day and time would you like to travel?
TR0315 will leave at 13:00 would that work for you?
I have booked TR0315 leaving cambridge at 13:00 and arriving in London kings cross at 13:51 for you. Your reference number is LSMJ6443 .
is there anything else I can help you with?
The total travel time for your train trip will be 51 minutes. Can I help you with anything else today?
You are welcome and if you ever need anything else, please contact us.
Thank you for contacting the Cambridge Towninfo Centre. Have a great day.
Not a problem. What station will you be leaving from?
We have 14 trains leaving after 10:00, what time would you prefer to arrive by? They all cost 9.80 pounds
TR6298 which leaves at 10:11 will arrive at 10:58.
cineworld cinema is located in the south and vue cinema is located in the centre.
Certainly! Vue Cinema is located at the grafton centre, east road. However, I sadly don't have any information listed for their prices. Would you like to call them?
You can call them at 08712240240 and ask them about the entrance fee.
Entrance fees aren't listed, but the addresses are: cineworld cinema is in cambridge leisure park, clifton way postcode cb17dy. Vue cinema is at the grafton centre on east road, postcode cb11ps.
Take care, please let me know if you need anything else.
Sure! do you know what area of town you're staying in?
we got none fitting your description. maybe if you can change the price range.
Yes, we have two options. I'd recommend the University Arms Hotel. Would you like to book a room?
Your booking was successful. Your reference number is WMKJHT5H . Can I help you with anything else?
Let me look that up for you.
Done! Your reference number is 11IQXN30 . Your table will be reserved for 15 minutes. Can I help you with anything else?
I've booked you a red toyota from your hotel to the restaurant. Their contact number is 07298938253. Anything else I can help with?
thanks for inquiring with us and welcome again
Is there a particular area of town you would like to stay in?
I only have guesthouses matching that criteria. Would you like me to book one for you?
I am only finding guesthouses. There are no hotels in that range. Can I assist you with something else?
I'm sorry, but I can't conjure up hotels that don't exist. Would you like to stay in a guesthouse instead?
OKay, shall I book this for you?
Done! Your reference number is YGWRZX9D . Can I help you with anything else?
Where would you like to travel to?
TR5194 would suit your needs. Can I book it for you?
Your total is 92.4 GBP, which you can pay at the station. Your Reference number is : S55ESSEW .
You are very welcome. I was happy to assist you. Good-bye.
Please tell me the types of places you are looking for.
If you can't tell me what type of attractions you're looking for, I will pick the first option on the list: All Saint's Church in the centre, admission is free.
01223452587 is the phone number. May i assist you with anything else ?
Sure! I'll need your departure site and destination please?
TR8373 leaves at 21:39 on Friday. The price is 16.60 pounds. Will that work for you?
Great! Is there anything else I can assist you with?
Booked, the total fee is 116.2 GBP payable at the station . Reference number: TCIY3MAO .
Have a great day!
There are 5 great nightclubs in the centre. Four have a 5 pound entrance fee and one has a 4 pound entrance fee. Would you like more information?
ballare is postcode cb23na, club salsa is postcode cb12jb, kambar is postcode cb23qb, the fez club is cb23hx and soul tree nightclub is cb23qf
Sure! What day would you like to leave Peterborough and what time would you like to arrive there?
The first train from Peterborough to Cambridge after 19:00 is the TR5474. Departs Peterborough 19:19, arrives Cambridge 20:09. Would you like me to book a seat for you?
Great. Can I confirm that you would like to book 1 seat?
You have two seats with reference number L2KLG459 . Total fee is 33 GB, payable at the station. Can I be of further help today?
You're very welcome, have a great day!
Sure, is there an area of the city you would like to visit?
Cambridge Artworks is my favorite. Their phone number is 01223902168.
nandos city centre is a great place to eat. Do you want to book ?
Ok! I have booked a table for 8 people on saturday at 17:00 at Nandos in the city centre.
Booking was successful, table will be reserved for 15 mins. Reference number is : DHOAYOFG . Can I help you with anything else?
Great! I've made you a booking. It'll be yellow volkswagen and the contact number is 07057030091. Is there anything else you need help with?
Alright have a great day!
Royal Spice is an Indian restaurant on Victoria Avenue Chesterton on the north side.
Sure! The phone number is: 01733553355 and it is in the cheap price range.
Worth house is a cheap guesthouse located in the north.
I was able to successfully book you, the reference number is EXQR8KQT, can I help with anything else?
The taxi is booked it will be a blue toyota the contract number is 07069493389. Do you need anything else?
My pleasure, enjoy your stay in Cambridge.
Have a good day!
I am sorry. There are not matches. Would you like to try a different type of restaurant?
I'm afraid not, none in Cambridge. Would you like a different cuisine?
There is one in the West part of town, and one in the Centre part of town. Which area do you prefer?
Bangkok City is a Thai restaurant that would meet your needs.
Yes, the address is 24 Green Street City Centre and phone number is 01223354382.
We have 44 attraction in the centre area, and specific type in mind?
Club Salsa is a night club if you like dancing.
The phone number is 07782218745 and the address is 1 station road.
Do you have a time you are needing to arrive by?
grey volvo Contact number : 07314372460 Is there anything else I can assist you with?
Have a great night. Enjoy your trip.
What part of area would you like to visit?
The oak bistro is one of several restaurants that match your description. Would you like me to book a table there for that time?
I'd be happy to make your reservation. What time and day would you like that for?
They do not have a table for 8 available at 14:15 Friday. Would you like to try for another day or time slot?
That time worked, your reservation was successful and your reference number is X4U272EC . Can I help you with anything else?
Excellent. Have a good one!
We have four public pool in cambridge, do you have a preference on area?
parkside pools is located in the centre.
how about acorn house? it looks lovely
I'm sorry, I'm afraid I don't see any guesthouses matching that description. Do you want to try a different price range or star rating?
I am sorry I do not have information on the entrance fee at the Parkside Pools but you can call them at 01223446100 and ask.
There are 7 entries with a moderate price range. Is that what you wanted?
I'm not showing any entries here. Can I help with anything else?
There are 7 entries listed here. Do you care about parking and internet?
Would you like to try the Acorn Guest House?
How many nights are you wanting to stay?
I've started your reservation, but I need to know how many people will be staying
It is booked, and your reference number is BG6TTZOQ
Enjoy your trip. Have a great day.
Sure! Where are you coming from?
Ok, what is your destination?
Booking completed! Booked car type : black toyota Contact number : 07452807807
How about all saints church?
Yes the entrance fee is free for all saints church.
What time on Thursday would you like to travel?
I have one leaving at 19:40. Would you like to book a ticket?
Yes it departs from Cambridge.
That train will arrive at the airport by 20:08. Would you like to book a ticket?
okay, have a great day!
I'm sorry, I couldn't find anything that matched your criteria. Perhaps try another area?
I think yippee noodle bar would fit your needs.
Would you like to book a table there?
Riverside is modern european. I also have de luca.
What day and time should I book the reservation for?
Sure! The phone number is 01223259988. The address is Doubletree by Hilton Cambridge Granta Place Mill Lane postcode cb21rt. Is there anything else I can help you with?
TR4216 leaves at 11:17 and arrives by 12:08. Does that work for you?
Sure, the ticket will cost you 23.6 GBP payable at the station. Your reference number is J4MTK8V3 . Anything else I can do for you?
You're welcome. Don't hesitate to get in touch if you need anything else.
Yes, there is Cherry Hinton Water Play. Would you like more information?
The phone number for Cherry Hinton Water Play is 01223446100. Is there anything else I can help you with today?
You too. Enjoy your stay.
There are a dozen to choose from; maybe we can narrow that down a little. Would you prefer a hotel or guesthouse?
Okay, that leaves two: Ashley Hotel or Lovell Lodge, both of which are moderately priced. Would you like to book at one of these?
Ashley hotel is rated 2 stars and is in the moderate price range. Their phone number is 01223350059 and address is 74 chesterton road.
What dates are you interested in me booking? And how many people will be staying at the Ashley?
There are two resturants in the area moderately priced, The golden wok and the Nirala. One is chinese and one is indian.
I was unable to book at either place, can I try anything else?
Good news, I was able to successfully book you at Golden Wok at 18:45 on Saturday for 8. Your confirmation is T3VZI5TF .
Is there anything else I can assist you with today?
Enjoy your stay!
Great, there are five such places. Did you have an area of town in mind?
I have 3 guesthouses available. The Bridge Guest House is in the south. The Hamilton Lodge is in the north. And the Hobsons House is in the west.
All the places mentioned have free wifi and free parking.
I wasn't able to book a guest house with that criteria. Would you like to try a hotel?
I have successfully booked your guesthouse at the Hamilton Lodge for two nights for 8 people, reference number 1TVIC54F . Is there anything else I can help you with?
I have located 2 restaurants in the area the Golden Wok and the Nirala. Do either of these suit your taste? Would you like me to reserve you a table?
Sure. Their postcode is cb43hl. Is there anything else I can help you with?
Booking successful. Your taxi will be a yellow Ford. Contact number 07565903051. Is there anything else I can help you with today?
You're welcome. Have a beautiful day.
We have a lot of those! Anything specific you need or just a recommendation?
May I recommend Lynne Strover gallery located at 23 high street, fen ditton. The postcode is cb30aq and it's free to get it!
Sure. Where will you be leaving from?
TR7556 arrives at 18:08. can i book it for you?
TR7556 leaves London Kings Cross at 17:17 and arrives in Cambridge at 18:08. The trip should last about 51 minutes. How many tickets should I book for your trip?
Glad to help, enjoy the rest of your day.
The autumn house is in the east.
Yes, absolutely! It is 01223575122.
sure, you can choose from either scudamores punting co of the cambridge punter
cb41as, Cambridge Punter. 07807718591
Have a nice day. Good bye!
The first train departs at 05:00 and every 2 hours. The last one leaves at 13:00. Can I book you some tickets?
There is one leaving at 13:11, and they run every hour after that. That last one on Monday leaves at 23:11 and arrives at 23:58.
Sure, TR0793 leaves at 13:11, arrives at 13:58 and costs 9.80 pounds travel time 47 minutes.
The booking was successful, you will pay 9.8 GBP at the station. Your reference number is HIF2WMPY . Is there anything else I can help you with?
You could try out Funky Fun House on the East side. Does that sound good or would you like to hear other options?
Funky Fun House is located at 8 mercers row, mercers row industrial estate, cb58hy. Can I help you with anything else today?
Bon voyage!
If you enjoy European cuisine, City Stop Restaurant is a good choice. The address is Cambridge City Football Club, Milton Road, Chesterton. Would you like more options?
Sorry, I don't have any places like that. Perhaps you'd like to try something different?
You have two very good choices. Hakka and The Hotpot. Would you like to make a reservation?
Unfortunately they are booked. Would you like to try a different time?
I was able to book that successfully, The table will be reserved for 15 minutes. Reference number is 07S9K8FU, is there anything else that I can help with?
Ok, we have plenty of options, where to and what is the preferred time?
The TR3412 departs Ely at 11:35 and arrives in Cambridge by 11:52. Would that suit you? I can try to book a ticket for you if you like.
Thank you, the booking was successful, total cost of 17.6 GBP payable at the station. The reference number is 9U62ZK58 .
It was my pleasure. Thank you for contacting the Cambridge TownInfo centre. Have a great day.
Restaurant One Seven is a good choice. Which day?
No, but I have three other options for you to choose from.
I have the Lan Hong House, Jinling Noodle Bar and the Shanghi Family Restaurant that are all moderately priced and serving Chinese food.
I was not able to book that for you at that time. Is there another time that would work for you?
That time is available! I have booked the reservation. The reference number is V0KCN2RI . Is there anything else?
Thank you. Have a great day, goodbye.
We have 13, and most are free to visit.
I would recommend gonville and caius college located on trinity street or christ's college located on saint andrew's street. Do you need any additional information on these options?
The postcode for christ's college is cb23bu and the postcode for gonville and caius college is cb21ta. Is there anything else you need?
The TR3859 train leaves Stansted Airport for Cambridge on Friday at 05:24, would you like to make a booking?
Thank you, we have train TR0446 leaving at 20:24 and arriving at 20:52, for 8.08 pounds. Would this time work for you?
Thank you for contacting Cambridge TownInfo centre. I hope you have a pleasant trip! Goodbye!
There is the jesus green outdoor pool and the kings hedges learner pool.
It is cb43px. Is there anything else you need?
Where will you be departing from? And when would you like to travel?
Okay. I just need to confirm that you are traveling from Cambridge?
Booking was successful, the total fee is 30.8 GBP payable at the station . Reference number is : 2VH8SLVO .
Goodbye! Please contact us again in the future if you need any additional assistance. Have a great day!
we dont have any restaurant like that.
No expensive restaurant
I found 4 different expensive Chinese restaurants that you could try. How does HK Fusion sound to you?
I'm sorry I am not able to book for that day/time, would you like to try another time or different restaurant?
I was able to book it for 10:15. You reference number is 7HQZ1TD6 .
Is there anything else I can help you with today?
Thank you for using our services.
What day and time will you be traveling on?
I have many trains available. What is your departure site and preferred time of arrival?
I have train TR2488 that leaves at 15:24 and arrives in Cambridge at 15:52. Would that work for you?
Booking was successful, the total fee is 80.8 GBP payable at the station . Your reference number is M2771E7T . Do you need anything else?
the entrance fee is 5 pounds
How about little seoul? It's expensive and in the center of town.
I'm sorry, there are no other options for the criteria you have provided. Would you like more information about little seoul?
Okay I would be more than happy to assist you with that but I need to know how many will be in your party and what time please.
Booking was successful. The table will be reserved for 15 minutes. Reference number is : 20X96EGN . Is there anything else you would like for me to do?
There are more than thirty options to choose from. Do you have a preferred star rating or price range?
There are two hotels that meet that criteria. The gonville hotel and the university arms hotel. Do you have a star rating preference?
The Gonville's phone is 01223366611 and the University Arms Hotel's number is 01223351241. Can I help with anything else today?
Alright then. Have a good stay!
I prefer hotels also. What part of town did you have in mind?
I have found two 2-star hotels, both moderately-priced, and both with internet and parking. You can choose between the Ashley Hotel, and the Lovell Lodge. Which would you prefer?
We have no 4 star hotels in the north, would you like to try another area, or maybe a guesthouse?
acorn guest house would suit your needs. Would you like me to book it for you?
It is booked. Your reference number is QAMDFU9O . Can I help with anything else?
There are 3 Chinese restaurants in the north. Do you have a price range preference?
Ok, I recommend the hakka on Milton Road, Chesterton. Would you like me to book a table for you?
Of course. The postcode is cb41jy. The phone number is 01223568988. Can I help with anything else today?
What time would you like to travel?
Would you like to leave from the restaurant?
Sure, I can book that for you. What time would you like to leave at?
You have been booked in a white BMW, leaving at 13:45. The contact number is 07166486484. Can I help you with anything else?
I am glad to help. Enjoy !
jinling noodle bar is in the centre area and the address is 11 Peas Hill City Centre.
They are a chinese restaurant with a moderate price range, their postcode is cb23pp. Is there anything else I can help you with?
Sure, there are 55 attractions in the city centre. Anything specific you'd like?
I'm a fan of Ballare, it's a nightclub in the centre. Is there anything else I can help you with today?
You can call them at 01223364222.
You're welcome, have a fantastic day.
Sure, where are you traveling to, and which day?
I have TR7713 that arrives by 19:27. Does that work for you?
Booking was successful, the total fee is 39.83 GBP payable at the station . Reference number is : XG11A6BS . Can I help you with anything else today?
I would suggest this place travellers rest.
They are at Huntingdon Road City Centre, postcide cb30df, phone is 01223276182, can I assist with anything else?
My pleasure, have a wonderful trip.
There are tons of things to see and do in the centre! Is there a particular type of attraction you are looking for?
Cambridge university botanic gardens is always a fun way to spend time on a beautiful day. It is gorgeous this time of year. Can I give you more information?
The phone number is 01223336265.
Which area would you like?
There are two hotels that fit your criteria. I would recommend the Alexander Bed and Breakfast as it gets 4 stars.
It's a four star hotel, located at 56 saint barnabas road with the postcode cb12de. Is there anything else I can find for you?
I have booked your taxi look for a red tesla and the contact number is 07685178468.
You're welcome and glad I could assist you.
Sure, there are 5 different nightclubs in the centre area, were you wanting to check them all out or would you like a recommendation?
Club Salsa is a great nightclub in the area. Their phone number is 07782218745. Their postcode is cb12jb. Their entrance fee is currently 5 pounds. Can I help with something else?
Yes the University Arms Hotel is located in the centre as well, and it is a 4 star hotel with free parking/wifi. Would you like me to book it?
I am sorry but that was unsuccessful. Would you like to book another day or shorter stay?
So you would like to book University Arms Hotel for for 4 people starting Sunday for 3 nights, is that correct?
Unfortunately, they do not have availability for that specific stay. Would you like to change the stay length or different day possibly?
OK, I've successfully reserved a room for 4 people on Sunday night (Ref#HR5Q3JRU). Can I help with anything else today?
What time would you like to leave by?
Okay, you're all set. Be on the lookout for a black volvo. The contact number is 07128890306. May I help with anything else?
It was a pleasure assisting you. Have a nice night as well. Goodbye.
There are 318 trains that fit your criteria. To narrow some information down, what is your destination, departure site and preferred departure time?
There is a train leaving Cambridge on Sunday 05:21, and arriving at Leicester at 07:06 for 30.24 pounds. Would you like me to book this for you?
The train ID is TR2025.
No, I am sorry there is not.
have a great day!
To help you find a train could you please provide me with your destination site, day of travel and departure and arrival time? Thank you
Could you please provide me with your destination site and departure and arrival time?
We have TR4414 that departs at 13:00 and arrives at 14:00, or did you want something earlier?
The TR2939 departs from Cambridge at 12:01 and arrives at Broxbourne at 13:01. Shall I book seats for 4 people on that train?
I was able to book the tickets the fee is 57.28 GBP payable at the station. Your reference number is 85L2VXVQ . Is there anything else I can help with?
jesus green outdoor pool address is between victoria road and the river. Would you like more information?
You are welcome.
The Ballare, located in the city centre is quite popular.
Admission will cost you 5 pounds, Anything else?
The Oak Bistro is in the centre of town the address is 6 Lensfield Road the price range is moderate
It is not. It serves british food. There are 2 modern european restaurants in the centre. Would you prefer one of those?
Okay, reservation made at de luca cucina and bar. Reference number is : 0XFPI4IB .
You're welcome. Can I further assist you?
Booking completed! Booked car type : white bmw Contact number : 07893432264
You are very welcome.
Thanks very much, you, too!
TR5686 going to Cambridge leaves london kings cross on Friday at 9:17, will this work for you?
TR3828 will be departing stansted airport at 9:24 Wednesday and arriving in Cambridge at 9:52. Would you like to book a seat?
Booking was successful, the total fee is 30.29 GBP payable at the station . Reference number is : 24TGG9IX . Is there anything else I can help you with today?
There are no restaurants in the Centre that serve Polynesian food. Are there any other types of food or locations you would like?
I have 9 Indian restaurants. Would you like cheap or expensive?
The Kohinoor matches your search. The phone number is 01223323639, and the address is 74 Mill Road city centre. Would you like me to book that for you?
Ok, would that be for 3 seats as well? What time would you like?
The phone number is 01223302330 and the address is 106 Regent Street City Centre. It's an expensive restaurant.
It's my pleasure! Thanks for using Cambridge TownInfo. Goodbye!
There are several hotels with those characteristics. Could you narrow down by price range and hotel type you want?
There are no hotels which match your criteria. Can I help you find something else?
Your options are: Allenbell, Autumn house, and Leverton house. All of these guesthouses have 4 stars, are in the east part of town, and offer free parking and WiFi.
Great your reference number is DPEISTWK .
There is Yu Garden and Royal Standard.
The Missing Sock is a cheap restaurant in the east part of town. They serve international food. Would you like me to book that for you?
Absolutely. What time would you like?
I booked that reservation for you. Your reference number is VN4QZ2M1 . Is there anything else I can help you with?
You're welcome. Have a nice day.
I have no places that meet your request. Would you like to try a different type of food?
Is there a particular part of town you wish to dine in?
La margherita is located at 15 Magdalene Street City Centre in the west part of town. Do you need anything else?
The Ashley Hotel and the Lovell Lodge both will meet your needs, would you like me to book you a room at either of those?
none of those do have parking. i recommend acorn guest house instead
Your booking was successful. Your reference number is : 3IFC157C . Do you need anything else today?
Have a great day!
I'd be happy to assist you today, but first I'll need to know your departure and destination locations?
When do you need to arrive?
Okay your booking is complete. You have a red bmw coming to get you and a contact number of 07717590121.
You're welcome. Enjoy your visit to Cambridge!
I'm afraid we don't have one. Can I look you up something else?
We have chinese, italian, european, spanish, british. Do any of those interest you?
Yes! There is efes restaurant or anatolia. Both are moderately priced in the city centre. Would you like me to make a booking at one?
I will book that for you now.
I've got you booked! Your reference number is 9CFEAQYX . They will hold your table for 15 minutes.
Sure thing! It is in the west part of town and the entrance fee is 3.5 pounds
This is a museum. The post code is cb30aq. Can I be of further assistance?
I'm glad I could help. Have a great day. Goodbye.
Sure, where are you departing from?
The earliest leaves out of Ely at 05:35 and arrives in Cambridge at 05:52. Would you like to reserve a seat, or do you prefer to check for a later time?
The last train of the day, TR4288, will arrive in Cambridge at 19:52. Would that fit your schedule better?
No problem. Your reference number is JB5YODGE . Is there something else I can help you with?
I found 23 museums all across town. Is there a particular area you're interested in so I can narrow down the search?
Okay, there are 11 different options. I recommend Castle Galleries. Would you like information on this museum?
it is in unit su43, grande arcade, saint andrews street.
You're welcome, have a great day.
I have the Express by Holiday Inn Cambridge located on 15-17 norman way, coldhams business park. Their phone number is 01223866800. Would you like to know anything else?
Yes, of course. What day would you like to stay?
Here is the booking information:Booking was successful. Reference number is : 5F8G6J1G
Sure, which stations will you be traveling between?
What time would you like to leave? The trains depart every hour.
There are 11 results. Would you prefer the earliest departure time or latest?
There are two guesthouse-type hotels in Cambridge with 0 stars. Do you have an area of town in mind?
that could be city centre north b and b.it is cheap with both internet and parking. can i reserve for you?
I booked your hotel reservations for 6 people for 3 days starting Tuesday. Your reference number is : EB5RRD33 . May i help you with something else.
on what area do you need the attraction?
Unfortunately there are no attractions matching that description. Would you like to try a different area or different type?
Alright, we now have 13 options available! If you have no further specifications, then I recommend visiting christ's college
Address is Saint Andrew's street. Can I help you find anything else?
You are welcome. Let us know if we can help you again.
You are welcome, goodbye until next time!
Cote is an expensive french restaurant in the centre. Do you want the address and phone number or for me to book you a table?
I was able to book you a table please be on time they can only hold it for 15 minutes. Your reference number is IDPGS1JZ . Do you need anymore help?
There are lots of attractions to go to in the city. In the center of town there are 44 results alone. What or where do you have in mind?
There are 4: Adc Theatre, Cambridge Arts Theatre, Mumford Theatre, and The Cambridge Corn Exchange. Which would you like to visit?
The phone number is 01223300085 and the address is park street. Is there anything else I can help you with?
I can help you with that. What time would you like to leave the restaurant?
Okay, I got you a red tesla and the contact number for that is 07646733511. Is there anything else I can help you with?
You are welcome. Have a nice time in Cambridge. Goodbye.
There are lots of areas of interest, is there a price point you are looking for?
There are 5 architecture attractions in the city centre. 4 of these are free to get in, and one has an entry fee. My personal favorite is the Holy Trinity Church.
The address is market street postcode cb23nz. Is there anything else you need help with?
There are many train options. Where are you departing and what time would you like to leave at?
Great. TR8659 leaves at 10:09 and arrives at 11:54. You reference number is FU909TV0 and the total is 113.4GBP
Is there anything else I can assist you with?
You are welcome! Have a great day!
Yes, Home From Home is located in the north and is a guest house. It's in the moderate price range and is 4 stars. Would you like the address?
Ok, I was able to successfully book your party of 5 for two nights starting Tuesday. Your reference number is JUWRBB8L . Anything else I can do?
Sure I can help you with that. What day were you wanting to travel?
I'm sure I can help you. Can you tell me where you are departing from?
Is there a time you would like to leave by?
The closest arrival time is 20:07 on train TR7961 may I book this for you?
Booking was successful. Your reference number is AH8T29HO and the total due at the station is 50.5 GBP.
Yeah, let me know the winning numbers on the next lottery, lol. Can I help you with anything else?
You have a great day, goodbye!
It's a 2 star hotel located at 15-17 norman way, coldhams business park in the east part of town. Their phone number is 01223866800.
The booking was unsuccessful, can you book on another day or do a shorter stay?
Sure, I've got you booked, and your reference number is HBF47JLH .
I recommend cambridge artworks in the east. It's free to go to. Does that work?
The address is 5 Greens Road in postcode cb13ef. Is there anything else I can help you with?
Ok perfect, will you be departing from the museum or the hotel?
Sure! What is the time frame you were considering?
Ok a grey Tesla will pick you up. The contact number is 07778890580. Anything else I can do for you today?
My pleasure! Enjoy your stay!
There are several. Is there a particular departure location you want to leave from?
The earliest train that is leaving bishops stortford sunday morning is at 11:29, and will arrive in cambridge at 12:07
Great, I was able to book you. The total fee is 16.16 GBP payable at the station and the reference number is : P4JWINQA .
There are 3 mediterranean restaurants in the centre. One falls in a cheap price range, and the other 2 are expensive. Do you have a price range preference?
Here is info on The Gardenia: phone 01223356354, postcode cb23ll. Would you like me to make a reservation?
Thank you. Have a good day.
I have 33 places in the north. If you turk, you probably need cheap but would you like a guesthouse or hotel?
Okay, I recommend the Acorn Guest House. Would you like me to book a reservation?
Your reference number is S3W0A87E . Do you need anything else?
It is an indian restaurant located at 37 Newnham Road Newnham
All set. You have a reservation at Rice Boat on Saturday. Your reference is 7DNYC82A and the table will be held for 15 minutes. Is there anything else you need?
Which place will you be departing from?
Yes, but which place will you be departing from? The restaurant or the hotel?
What time will you be departing for the guesthouse?
look for a blue volvo with contact 07965372123
May I help you find an attraction or something else in town?
excellent, have a great day!
Ok, is there a specific area of town you prefer?
Hobsons House meets your criteria and offers wifi along with parking, can I book that for you?
Sure thing! It is 01223304906. Anything else today?
Of course. There are several options, including some with no entrance fee. What kind of attraction are you interested in?
My favorite is tenpin. There phone number is 08715501010. Is there anything else I can help you with today?
To clarify, you'd like a taxi from Hobsons House to Tenpin, correct? And for what time of day would you like the taxi?
I have your taxi booked for you. It will be a blue Toyota and the contact number is 07786421793. Is there anything else you need today?
You are very welcome. Goodbye.
I don't have anything that meets those requirements. May I try a different area?
Yes we have several museums in the Center of town. Would you like me to make a suggestion?
The castle galleries 01223357708 and the address is unit su43 grande arcade saint andrews st.
First, there is no fee for castle galleries. Second, city centre north b and b is a guesthouse in the north with zero stars. Shall I book it?
Done! Your reference number for the booking is 8UNDYBSA .
I sure can, where will you need picked up and what time?
A black ford is booked for you, with contact number 07811109376
Is it anything else i can help you with ?
Wonderful. Have a great day and please contact us if we can help further.
Sure thing, when would you like to get there by?
I can definitely help! Where are you departing from?
I've booked a yellow Tesla for you, the contact number is: 07908194770
You're welcome. Thank you for contacting us. Goodbye.
I was not able to verify if they're still in business, but I was able to pull up their phone number. Would you like their phone number?
Their phone number is 08451962320. Is there anything else I can help you with?
I have several expensive restaurants available. What type of food would you like?
What area do you prefer?
I'm sorry, there isn't anything available like that. Is there something else you might like?
That I can do! The cambridge lodge restaurant is excellent. Can I book you a table?
The postcode for the Cambridge Lodge Restaurant is cb30dq. Can I help with anything else today?
I have booked a taxi for you. The contact number is 07892402400 and it will be a white Volkswagen. Can I help you with anything else?
You're welcome, have a great day!
There are 6 places to stay in the east part of town with free parking. Do you have a preferred price range?
The Allenbell is on the east side of town, is a guesthouse type, and has parking and wifi. Would you like me to book it?
Booking was successful. Your reference number is : 7NWCZEP1 .
You're welcome. Enjoy your time in Cambridge.
Great! Thanks for all the extra information beyond the address. I will book a time later.
Unfortunately there are no tables available at that time. Would you be interested in a different time or day?
Yep 1330 works. Is there anything else I can help you with?
So sorry for the confusion, I was able to book for 12:30 on Wednesday for 8 at Wagamama. Your reference number is UFXHVHMX, it will be held 15 minutes.
I have 10 different trains available. Can you tell me what time you would like to travel?
Ok there are two that arrive before 8. One that leaves at 7:35 and arrives at 7:52. The other leaves at 5:35 and arrives at 5:52. Which would you prefer?
Alright, I have 8 tickets booked on TR9741, arriving at 7:52. The reference number is 6JRDO7P6 .
Great. I'm glad I could help. Please call again.
Thank you for using our service and have a great day.
Boating is so relaxing. We have 4 different boating venues in town. Did you have a preference on the area you would like?
I would recommend riverboat georgina in the north area. They are located at cambridge passenger cruisers, jubilee house and can be reached at 01223902091
there is the curry garden located at 106 Regent Street City Centre. Will that work for you?
Sorry, the restaurant is all booked for that time. Would you like to try a different time?
I have you booked at 13:45 on Saturday. Your reference number is RERXDPMF . Can I help you with anything else?
Enjoy your meal!
I have many trains for your desination. Do you have a day you want to travel and a time?
Train TR6088 would leave at 09:11 and arrive at 09:58. Would you like me to book that for you?
Your reference number is 1Q8ZXL5S . The total is 23.52 GBP and you can pay it at the station. Is there anything else I can help you with?
There are 3 restaurants that match your criteria: 2 Indian and 1 Italian. Would any of these be good?
Yes, it is pizza hut fen ditton. They are moderate price and located at Cambridge Retail Park Newmarket Road Fen Ditton. The phone number is 01223323737.
Great! Glad I could help.
Magdalene and Churchill College and Clare Hall all fit your requirements and entrance here is free. Is there a specific college you would like to see?
The phone number for Churchill College is 01223336233, and the phone number for Magdalene College is 01223332138. Can I help you with anything else today?
You too!
The Nirala is indian food at a moderate price range in the north area. The address is 7 Milton Road, Chesterton.
Unfortunately, that booking was unsuccessful. Would you like to try for a different time?
Yes, the booking was successful! Your reference number is GWD5RFUQ .
If you're looking for some entertainment, I'd highly recommend the "whale of a time" building!
It's an entertainment venue. I also have museums and colleges, if that's more to your interests.
The entrance fee is unknown the address is unit 8, viking way, bar hill
I'm afraid they don't take bookings.
I was able to book that taxi for you. Be looking for a white Ford. If you need to reach them, please call 07763602610. Anything else I can help with?
Alright, thanks for using Cambridge TownInfo centre. Have a great day!
Clowns Cafe is an italian restaurant in the centre. Would you like to make a booking?
I have you a table reserved on Friday at 11:00 for 1 person. They will hold the table for 15 minutes. Your reference number is: 7SYAS6D8 Enjoy your meal!
There are many trains that arrive at birmingham new street. Where would you like to depart from so I can narrow it down?
The TR9790 leaves Cambridge at 13:01. Would you like me to book you a ticket?
Okay, I've reserved you one ticket and the total fee is 60.08 pounds, which is payable at the station. Your reference number is 0EQTRG4O .
Sure thing, have a great day!
What time would you like to depart and arrive?
I would recommend TR4119 which leaves London Liverpool Street at 21:39 and arrives in Cambridge at 23:07.
Of course, do you just need one ticket or will there be other passengers?
Booking was successful, the total fee is 16.6 GBP payable at the station .Reference number is : JAO38OSS .
I'm not finding any listed under entertainment. Do you have a different type or location?
There are many colleges located in the centre of town. May I recommend Downing college located on Trinity street? Phone number is 01223332400. Postcode is cb21ta. Entrance is free.
Thank you for contacting us and have a good day!
I can help! Several trains come here. Where are you departing from?
TR9390 will leave at 16:24 and arrive by 16:52. Do you need to buy tickets now?
Okay, 8 tickets have been reserved! Your reference number is 3YRAS11J .
It's a moderately priced restaurant in the city centre. It serves Asian oriental food. phone is 01223518111. Can I help with a booking?
Sure, what time should I make the reservation for?
Booking was successful. The table will be reserved for 15 minutes. Reference number is : YP33ONP5 .
Have a great dinner.
We have 44 attractions in the centre, colleges, architecture, museums
There are 13 colleges in the centre of town with entrance fees ranging from free to 2 pounds 50. Do you have a preference on entry price?
My favorite is Christ's College and there is no entrance fee.
Thank you, goodbye.
To what destination?
Okay. I have booked a Red Lexus, and the contact number for the company is 07326176636. Can I help with anything else?
If there is nothing else I can help with, I would like to wish you an excellent day.
There are many trains out of Cambridge. What destination are you thinking of?
I have one leaving at 17:01 on Wednesday, would you like me to book it for you or do you need one later than that?
Sure TR8531 arrives at birmingham new street station at 19:44. The cost is 75.10 GBP per ticket. Can I help with anything else today?
How many tickets do you need for the train? And unfortunately, I'm not finding any cheap North African restaurants. Would you like to look for something different?
We have listings for 4 Indian restaurants in the cheap price range in the centre and north of town. Which area would you prefer?
Ok, lets go with Royal Spice, it's in the north area, the phone number is 01733553355, the postcode is cb41eh, and the address is Victoria Avenue Chesterton.
Is there anything else that you need? Would you like me to book the restaurant?
Before I can book the train, I need to know how many tickets you require.
Your train reference number is: WH9BP30E .
Great, have a wonderful day!
There are 3 hotels in the area that have a 0 star rating, what area of town would you prefer?
We have two options available that meet your criteria, one is in the North and one is in Centre. Would you like more information about these?
They are both guesthouses and offer free wifi and free parking. In the north we have City Centre North B&B and in the south is El Shaddai.
The address for El Shaddai is 41 Warkworth Street. Would you like me to book accommodations?
Where will you be departing from?
I have found multiple trains that meet the criteria you listed. What day are you traveling on?
Train TR5570 arrives the earliest at 06:32.
The ID you're looking for is TR9048 arriving by 07:32 and the price is 17.9 pounds. Do you require anything else?
Great, thank you and enjoy your day.
Okay, great. Enjoy your day!
No problem, are you looking for anything specific?
There are many moderately priced restaurants in the center. What type of food would you like to eat?
I would like to suggest cotto it serves british food. Would you like to make reservations?
Cotto can be reached at 01223302010. Their postcode is cb11bg. Is there anything more I can assist you with today?
Where would you like it to be?
I'm sorry, I don't see any entertainment attractions in that area of town. Is there anything else you'd be interested in seeing?
Christ's college is in the centre of town.
it's free and their phone number is 01223334900
Your taxi will be a black audi. Your contact number is 07911435802. May I help you further?
You're welcome. Thank you for calling. Goodbye.
What day will you be traveling.
TR8890 leaves at 16:11, would that work for you?
I've reserved 5 train tickets for you on the TR8890. Reference number is R0XHVN6M, and your total due is 49 GBP, which is payable at the station. Need anything else?
Would you prefer a hotel or a guesthouse?
There are 11 places fitting your needs in the east, north and south of town. Do you have a preference?
How about the Acorn Guest house? It is rated 4 stars and is on the north side of town. They offer free parking and internet.
How many days will you be staying for?
No, you can stay for as long or as little as you like.
You are very welcome. Are you sure you don't need me to book that hotel for you? I would just need a few items of information.
You also have a great day!
We do have one result for Cote. It's located on Bridge Street City Centre.
They serve French cuisine.
Certainly, you're looking for phone number 01223311053, postcode cb21uf. Will you be needing me to make a reservation there as well?
Clare Hall is located in the west end. Would you need transportation to get there?
Clare hall is located on the west side of town. Do you need anything else?
The postcode is cb39al. Can I help you with anything else?
Thank you for contacting us. If you should need anything else, please let us know.
Cambridge Artworks is in the east side of town and has free admission.
Is there anything else that I can help you with?
There are seven different places to stay in the east. Could you narrow down what you're looking for a bit? What price range are you looking for?
How about Allenbell? It is 4 stars and cheap.
I am showing 3 guesthouse type vacancies in the East area, all with WIFI. Would you like me to book one?
I'm sorry, there are no hotels in the East area of town that are cheap or moderately priced. Would you prefer another area of town?
There are three places that fit your description. Could you tell me how many people will be staying.
When would like to begin your stay and for how long?
The three guesthouses in the area are Allenbell, Autumn House, and Leverton House. Would you like to reserve at any of these?
I was unable to book Allenbell for you. Would you like me to try 3 nights instead? Or would you like me to check the other locations?
Your booking is successful reference is Z1WWH4AH
Do you still want the hotel in the same part of town?
No, I am sorry. I have tried everything and cannot reserve anything else that is cheap and on the East side for either 3 or 4 nights. Could you choose another day to check in?
At this time there are not any hotels available on the east side to fit your requirements. Would you like me to check another area?
There are no hotels on the east side that are not expensive. Can I find something for you in another area?
Your reference number is CXGWRLOA at the Allenbell for 1 person, 2 nights, starting Wednesday. May I help you with anything else?
Have a good stay!
There are 33 options. Do you have a food type in mind?
Ok, how about some British cuisine, want to give Midsummer House Restaurant a try?
13:30 went well. The reference number is 3NR3T22N
There are a total of 44 attractions in the area you would like. Is there a specific type you would like to see?
Is there anywhere in particular that interests you? Perhaps a cinema or museum?
Old schools is in town centre located at trinity lane and has free entrance. Do you need any further information?
Yes, the address is trinity lane cb21tt
Thank you! Have a nice day.
I have found the place you are looking for. It is located at 86 Regent Street City Centre, would you like me to book a reservation?
J Restaurant serves Asian Oriental food and their post code is CB21DP.
I've found that. It's a cheap, 4-star guesthouse in the west. They offer free internet and parking. Would you like me to book this accommodation for you?
I have made your reservation. Your reference number is 699VVZVV . Is there anything else I can help you with?
You're welcome. Thank you for using our service.
Certainly. It is a gastropub located in the centre of town, and the address is 2 Sturton Street City Centre.
Your table has been reserved and will be held for 15 minutes. Reference number RMKD81JF . Would you like help with anything else today?
cherry hinton water play park east 01223446100 cb18dw cherry hinton hall, cherry hinton road free
That park has no entrance fee! Can I help you with anything else today?
Their phone number is 01223446100 and where would like that taxi to pick you up?
I need to tell it where you're going from and to, and what time, before it can assign a specific car for you. Could you help me with that info?
Booked car type is white volkswagen and the contact number 07087762820.
is there anything else you'd like me to find you?
Booking was successful, the total fee is 16.6 GBP payable at the station . Reference number is : H58I0WC3 .
The train departs Liverpool Street on friday at 05:39 and arrives in Cambridge at 07:07. Is there anything else I can assist you with?
88 minutes to travel
Goodbye now! Have a great day!
The Alpha-Milton Guest House is in the north part of town and has 3 stars. Would you like to book a room?
What day would you like me to book this for?
Booking was successful. Reference number is : WQKBC80C .
There are many trains coming into Cambridge during that time. Where are you coming from and what day would you like to come?
The closest I found was TR3899 leaving at 9:17, would that work for you?
Yes your booking was successful at a total cost of 47.20 pounds. Your reservation number is 7Q0OIKBI .
Thank you for using our service, have we met all of your needs?
You are welcome. Have a great trip.
There are six guesthouses in the east side of town, with varying price ranges and amenities. Do you require parking?
What price range can I check in?
I would suggest allenbell then.
The allenbell is located at 517a coldham lane. May I help you with anything else today?
their postcode is cb13js
How about the Cambridge artworks museum? It has free admission.
The address is 5 greens road, cb13ef is the postcode. Is there anything else I can help you with?
I've reserved a black Lexus to meet you at Cambridge Artworks at 4:45. The contact number is 07792081216. Can I help you with anything else?
Thank you for letting us assist you today! Enjoy your visit!
Sorry, I couldn't find any restaurants like that. Want to try a different type of food?
Yes, there are actually seven. Does cost concern you?
ok, how about fitzbillies restaurant?
I can go ahead and book that now.
Booking was successful. The table will be reserved for 15 minutes. Reference number is : GLYURACG . is there anything else i can help you with?
I have several options available. What area of town would you like?
May I suggest Alexander bed and breakfast? It is a cheap guesthouse in the centre of town. Would you like me to reserve any rooms?
I was able to book it, reference number is N0I0ETC4 .
I am glad to help enjoy !
I sure can help you! We have many wonderful options available to you, is there a specific price range or area you would like?
Do you have any particular area that you'd like to stay in?
I would like to suggest cityroomz. Is there any information you need about it?
yes. can i book it for you?
Wish I had better news for you but they are all booked for that length of stay. Would you consider a shorter stay or different day?
Your hotel stay is all booked. Your reference number is JMWZ9GIA . Is there anything else I can assist you with?
There are many interesting churches to visit if you are a fan of architecture.
Might I suggest all saints church. The postcode is cb58bs and it is located on jesus lane. There is also no entrance fee.
I can book one way only. When would you like to leave Cityroomz?
OK, a white Audi will pick you up at Cityroomz and head to the church. The contact number is 07090347513. Can I help you with anything else today?
Thank you for contacting Cambridge TownInfo centre. Goodbye!
I have 70 trains matching that departure and destination. What time would you like to leave or arrive by?
I am sorry but I cannot book that timeslot for you. The earliest I have is one arriving by 14:10. Is that okay?
Actually, there's a train arriving at 16:10. It's train TR8813, and it departs at 15:21. Would you like me to book that for you?
The price for this train is 10.24 pounds. Would you like me to book it?
Not a problem. We have 9 to choose from. Any type of cuisine?
I enjoy graffiti. The postcode for that place is cb30lx and the phone number is 01223277977.
We're happy to help! Thank you for using Cambridge TownInfo centre today. Goodbye.
a and b guest house is located in 124 tenison road. should i book it for you?
No, it isn't but Allenbell is. Would you like a room there?
Alright, I was able to book your room at Allenbell for 2 nights. Your reference number is T2KBVIZA . Is there anything else I can help you with?
There are 42 trains that match your criteria. What day will you be travelling?
We have TR2753 that meets your requests, would you like a booking?
The booking was successful, the total fee is 375.5 GBP payable at the station. Reference number is : U7IJQAP3 .
Thank you for using our system!
I can definitely help! Where are you departing from?
I'd love to help! Where are you going?
Your booking is complete, a red volkswagen will pick you up.
Sure! The contact number is 07803183128.
Can I help you with anything else today?
You're welcome. Enjoy your meal!
Where would you like to go to and from?
You are all set with a black honda. Contact number will be 07642970234. Can I do anything else for you?
Have a nice day, goodbye.
Queens' College is located on Silver Street in the west. Their phone number is 01223335511 and the entrance fee is 2.50 pounds. Do you need anything else?
Thank you for using Cambridge TownInfo centre. Let us know if you need our services at anytime.
Where will you be departing from?
There is a 05:54 that will arrive at 06:43 that morning.
Booking was successful, the total fee is 51.2 GBP payable at the station. Reference number is : 8NFJV4J6 . Will there be anything else today?
Have a splendid visit!
Of course, do you know your departure location and time?
I have three, leaving between 5:21 and 9:21. Do you have a preference?
Train TR0552 arrives by 10:10 the ticket price is 12.80 pounds and the travel time is 49 minutes.
No problem, how many nights will you be staying?
Would you prefer a guest house or hotel?
how about acorn guest house? it's 4 stars.
I would be happy to- I just need to know for which nights and for how many people.
2 nights starting on Thursday?
I don't have any hotels in the north that meet your criteria. Would you like me to look in a different area?
I just double checked. Still no hotels in the north that meet your criteria. What about a guesthouse?
I'm sorry but I don't have anything meeting that criteria.
Does the number of stars matter?
Ashley hotel, it has two stars and yes they have internet
Thank you for calling today. Please call again if you have anything else that you need. Goodbye.
sure, i have 4 options for you
There's three in the centre, Kohinoor, The Gandhi, and Mahal of Cambridge. Do you need more information on any of these?
Your table is reserved, reference #BXPQUZAN . Can I help you with anything else today?
enjoy your stay in cambridge
acorn guest house is in the north part of town and available, when would you like to stay?
Yes, it does! It also has free parking.
Phone number is 01223353888.
The Acorn guesthouse is in the moderate range. Would you like to book a room?
You're quite welcome. Thanks for contacting the Cambridge TownInfo Centre and have a great day!
There are 133 trains making that route, what day and time would you like to go?
I can get you on the 12:40, arriving at the airport at 13:08. Will that work?
Booking was successful, the total fee is 70.7 GBP payable at the station. Reference number is : D02FBWKX .
There are 6 free-to-enter museums and 1 that has a fee of 3.50 pounds.
There is the lynne strover gallery, the address is 23 high street, fen ditton.
It is free to enter. Can I help you with anything else?
Welcome. Have a lovely day!
I sure can! We have several trains headed there on Saturday, do you have a specific time you would like to leave?
There is a train leaving London Liverpool Street at 11:39 and arrives in Cambridge at 13:07. Would you like me to book you some seats?
Booking was sucessful. Your train is TR7909 and the reference number is DI7P07SO .
Jinling noodle bar looks good, would you like to book there?
In that case I recommend Hakka. Would you like a table?
Booking was successful. The table will be reserved for 15 minutes. Reference number is : 7CW2TPPQ . Anything else I can help with?
The booking has been made for Saturday at 15:30. The reference number is 7CW2TPPQ .
Okay great, have a good day!
Regretfully, we have nothing like that in the south.
Yes! There is chiquito restaurant bar
The postcode is cb17dy and the price range is expensive.
Okay, The Junction is located in the south.
The post code is cb17gx, and the phone number is 01223511511. Is there any additional information that you need?
Thank you for using our services. We hope to see you again.
I sure can. They are a museum located in the eat. They offer free admission. They are located at Fulbourn, postcode cb15dh. Their phone number is 01223295264. Is there anything else?
There is no entrance fee. It is free admission into the museum. Can I help you with anything else today? Maybe a taxi to the museum?
I can recommend three guesthouses, all four star, in the east. May I book a room for you and your family?
I'd like to suggest allenbell. Is there anything else I could help you with?
They have a star rating of 4 and they do offer free wifi. Would you like me to book that for you?
01223210353 is the phone number. The address is 517a coldham lane. Is there anything else I could help you with?
You're welcome, have a good day.
There are two options, ashley hotel and lovell lodge, do you want more info or a booking?
They both offer free parking, free wifi, and are rated two stars.
Ashley hotel is in the moderate price range. Their postcode is cb41er and their address is 74 chesterton road
The phone number for Ashley Hotel is 01223350059. Can I help you with something else?
I have 5 restaurants that fit your description? What area of town would you like the restaurant to be on? Centre, North, or West.
I suggest that you try City Stop Restaurant. It is an expensive European restaurant in the north part of town. Would you like to book a table?
Your table will be reserved for 15 minutes. Reference number is 26GA35EY .
Okay fantastic, have a nice day!
There are 8 restaurants which serve European cuisine located in the centre. Did you have a price range in mind?
you can choose from eraina, michaelhouse cafe, or darrys cookhouse and wine shop
Darrys Cookhouse and Wine Shop is located at the cb11ln post code. Do you have any more questions for me?
There are many trains leaving from Stevenage. What day would you like to travel? Any preferred time?
TR7785 will arrive in Cambridge at 14:43 on Friday. Would you like a ticket?
How many tickets do you need?
OK, you have 5 seats booked under reference #8M7BPAB0 . The total fee will be 64 GBP, payable at the station. Can I help you with anything else?
please contact us again in the future. goodbye.
Well there is the Cambridge Contemporary Art museum that is free to enter and is located at 6 trinity street. Does that interest you?
That museum is in the center of town.
There are many guesthouses that meet this criteria. Is there a specific area and pricerange that you would prefer?
Warkworth house fits all of your needs. Would you like to make a reservation?
The address is Warkworth Terrace and they do have free internet and parking. Would you like for me to book it?
What time would you like to be picked up at the museum?
OK, a yellow Ford will pick you up at the museum and take you to the Warkworth House at 18:15. The contact number for the taxi is 07214860547.
No problem. Enjoy your visit to Cambridge!
I have found several, is there a day and time you are looking for?
Okay, is there a specific time you would like to leave or arrive by?
TR4162 arrives in Cambridge on Saturday by 08:07, will this suit you?
TR4162 departs at 7:29 and total duration is 38 minutes. Do you need to reserve a seat?
Not a problem and should you need any other information, feel free to call back. Goodbye!
Where is your destination?
What is the day of travel?
I have a train that leaves at 16:21. If that works for you, I'd be happy to book your seat.
Booking was successful, the total fee is 60.48 GBP payable at the station . Reference number is : 6OINE67F .
The area of the Cambridge Corn Exchange is centre. The address is on Wheeler Street. Is there anything else I can help with?
I am happy I could assist you today. Let us know if you need anything else.
I certainly can. What did you have in mind?
We've got several trains going that route. Is there a particular day or time you need?
What time will you be departing from cambridge? Also what time do you need to arrive in broxbourne by?
I have several that arrive before 18:30. I have one that arrives at 16:01, 17:01, and 18:01. They all leave an hour before arrival time and are 17.90 pounds.
Your booking was successful and the total fee is 71.59 GBP, which is payable at the station. Your reference number is D3L643YZ .
How about the acorn guest house?
Yes, it fits all those needs.
How many people will be staying?
Booking was successful. Reference number is : 8P7QUDHW .
You're welcome! Can I help you with anything else?
excellent, have a great day!
There are two guesthouses that fit your criteria. The Aylesbray Lodge and The Bridge guesthouse. Which would you prefer?
They are both in the moderate price range.
Their phone number is 01223240089. Is there anything else I can do for you?
The Bridge Guest House does indeed have free parking and internet. They can be reached at 01223247942.
There are a lot of different trains on Thursday, can you narrow down your selection with a time frame and destination please?
We have 4 such trains. Do you have a preference on departure time?
Sure, TR0368 leaves cambridge at 07:01 and arrives at birmingham new street at 09:44. Can I book this for you?
The cost for one ticket is 75.10 pounds.
Booking was successful, the total fee is 75.09 GBP payable at the station . Reference number is : GFZ6HBDH . Is there anything else I can help with?
Okay. Have a great trip!
Sure! Where are you coming from?
Can you let me know where you are going to?
I've booked you a taxi. It will be a grey toyota, contact number is 07760280827.
You are welcome, thanks for contacting us!
We have many types of museums. Were you interested in archaeology or art, or did you have a specific one in mind. Or a particular part of the city?
Sure thing. You can find the museum of classical archaeology on sidgwick avenue.
What type of food would you like?
Can you tell me what kind of food you are in the mood for?
I recommend the Eraina which is a European restaurant. Would you like for me to book a table?
Ok. I was able to book a table for you. Your reference number is BTKETES2 .
Is there anything further I can assist you with?
It was a pleasure serving you, goodbye!
Yes, we have 9 hotels that have free wifi. Do you have a preference for area of town or price range?
How about The Lensfield Hotel? Would you also like to make a booking?
Sure. It's a 3 star hotel. The address is 53-57 Lensfield Road and the phone number is 01223355017. Anything else?
Have a great day
Is there a specific type of attraction you would like to visit?
Unfortunately there isn't any entertainment in the centre. Would you like to try another area perhaps?
I hear christ's college is nice, want more info?
It is free to enter. Their phone number is 01223334900 and their address is Saint Andrew's Street. Can I help with anything else?
What area of town are you particularly interested in?
Unfortunately there are no moderately priced 4 star hotels in the centre area. Would you like to try another area?
Unfortunately there isn't, would you like me to try a 3 star guesthouse with those same requirements?
Unfortunately, I am not showing any availability in the town centre with free parking. Would you like to try another part of town?
How about Carolina Bed and Breakfast? It meets your criteria nicely.
Yes. Their address is 138 perne road and their postcode is cb13nx.
Is there anything else I can do for you today?
Great! Enjoy your trip!
Okay, where you are leaving and where are you going?
There's a train leaving at 15:21 and gets in at 16:10. Will this work for you?
The fee due is 10.24 GBP which is payable at the station. Your reference number is Y9RAO5SW . Is that all you need today?
Of course! It is located in the north and is expensive. Would you like me to make you a reservation?
I am sorry but the booking was unsuccessful. Is there another day or time slot that would work for you?
Good news. I was able to book your 190:00 on Sunday at Saigon City. Your confirmation code is LBUYUJOK .
Thank you for contacting Cambridge TownInfo Centre, I hope you have a lovely train trip and dining experience.
I'd love to help. Are you looking for an attraction?
Yes there are many churches, what area of town are you looking for a church in?
Unfortunately, there are no churches in the centre of town. Is there another area of town that I can check for you?
I have 11 museums. I can recommend the primavera. It is free. Can I help you with anything else today?
Sure! What sort of amenities are you looking for?
Reservations for 8 arriving on Saturday and staying 5 days. Your Reference number is : IDXPOR2N . Is there anything else I can do for you today?
You're welcome, have a great day.
Of course! What area are you looking for?
they are many. do you have a place you prefer?
Acorn Guest House is a nice place do you want more info ?
Sure thing! They are 01223353888, north, and cb41da. Will that be all for today?
There are 10 attractions in the east. Do you have a preference for type? If not, I recommend cambridge artworks
Yes, the phone number is 01223902168. Their address is 5 Greens road and the type is a museum. Can I help you find anything else?
Alright, a grey bmw is booked for you. The contact number is 07975649403. Can I assist you further?
You are welcome enjoy
To better help you find the right train, what day are you wanting to travel on?
The train TR7457 meets your specifications. How many tickets would you like?
TR7457 will arrive in cambridge at 7:06. There are many later trains that will arrive before your specified time, as well, if you prefer to travel later.
How many tickets would you like for the train? I have 15 cheap restaurants in the centre, what cuisine would you like?
There are no restaurants that meet those criteria. Would you like to look in a different area or price range?
There are two places dojo noodle bar, and j restaurant would you like either of those?
The phone number for dojo noodle bar is 01223363471. It is located at 40210 Millers Yard City Centre, postcode cb21rq. Is there anything else I can do for you?
Happy to be of service. Have a wonderful day!
We have several trains going to cambridge. Where are you coming from?
Do you have any time constraints?
TR6105 arrives by 12:23. Would you like some seats?
The hamilton lodge matches your criteria. Would you like more information?
Of course! The phone number is 01223365664. Is there anything else I can help you with today?
Yes it does.
Excellent, I hope you enjoy your stay!
I'm sorry, but there are no hotels that match your criteria. Would you like to change your price range or stars requirement?
Unfortunately no. Is there another type of hotel you are interested in?
I found the Alpha-Milton guest house in the north side. Would you like to book a room?
Their phone number is: 01223311625
Cool, have a nice trip!
charlie chan is a cheap Chinese restaurant located in the centre area would you like me to make a reservation for you?
There is also the rice house downtown. They're located at 88 Mill Road City Centre.
Certainly. The phone number for Charlie Chan is 01223361763. Is there something else i can help you with today?
I can, what day would you like to go, how many nights would you like to stay, and how large will your party be?
I was able to book that for you. Your reference number is 724PGT2E . Is there anything else I can assist you with today?
Yes but I need to know what time to you want to leave or arrive at the restaurant.
I have booked your taxi. The car type is a white bmw and the contact number is 07135401790.
May I help you with anything else today?
You are very welcome. If you need anything else, just let me know. Thank you.
Yes! The Rice House is located at 88 Mill Road, City Centre.
Certainly! You're all set. Your reference number is K7KOY3A5 and they'll hold your table for 15 minutes. Can I help you with anything else?
Sure, I would recommend Cambridge Contemporary Art Museum located in the Centre. Would you like a reservation?
Okay, you can call them at 01223324222
Alright, you have a wonderful time then, bye!
We have 69 restaurants available. Could you specify type or price range please?
Okay I took the liberty of booking you into the Oak Bistro that serves traditional British food. Your reference number is BA2MQ3EB .
Have a wonderful day!
Which area of town would you like to stay?
We have 11 guesthouses in the North. Would you like to narrow it down by rating or amenities?
I have 7 hotels that meet that criteria. Will you be needing internet?
what about acorn guest house?
You are booked for 5 nights beginning on Tuesday for 5 people. Your reference # is 442X9TUM .
Where will you be traveling too?
Ok, we have many options from London Kings Cross to Cambridge on Tuesday. Is there a particular time you want to leave or arrive by?
Train TR4987 will get you there by 10:08. Do you need any tickets today?
Booking was successful, the total fee is 118 GBP payable at the station . Reference number is : 0WCQKHG0 .
You're welcome! Have a great day!
Sure, it's located in the center of town, address is: wollaston road.
There's no fee to enter Hughes Hall. Is there any more information I can get for you?
Sure, when would you like to travel?
Okay, and what time would you like the ticket for?
TR2105 arrives by 11:09. Will this one work for you?
The travel time is 50 minutes.
Enjoy your travels! Let us know if we can be of any further assistance.
Great! It's located at fen causeway, newnham road. Would you like the phone number?
Sure the address is fen causeway, newnham road,and the post code is cb22ad.
I'm sorry, I don't understand. Did you need more help from us today?
OK, that I can do! What day and time are you traveling?
TR1672 leaves at 09:09 and arrives at 10:54. Would you like be to book it for you?
Yes, the duration is 105 minutes. May I help with anything else?
Okay. Enjoy your journey.
Thank you for contacting Cambridge TownInfo Centre. Have a great day!
I have one for you, phone is 01223365664. Enjoy
It is a guesthouse and is valued at 3 stars.
The hotel type is guesthouse and the area is north.
I'm sorry, there are no restaurants in the centre that serve unusual cuisines.
There are 3 options. Do you prefer cheap or expensive?
The Gardina is cheap, while La Mimosa and Shiraz Restaurant are both expensive. Would you like more information on one of these?
Sure. Which restaurant would you like to arrive at and when?
OK! I have booked you a black Tesla leaving Hamilton Lodge at 22:00 and heading to The Gardenia. The Driver's number is 07825515577.
Not a problem! Have a great day!
Yes, there are. Two are in the center, one in the north, and one is the east. Can I get you any additional information?
The one I would recommend is called Camboats. It's located in the east. I don't have their entrance fee listed, but you can call them at 01223902112.
What is your destination, and did you have a time in mind?
Yes I have a train leaving at 13:01. Would you like me to book that for you?
I've book train TR1051, for 2 people, departing Cambridge at 13:01. The reference number is X3CK0YMZ . How can I further assist you?
Great. I'm glad I could help you. Have a great day.
I'm not showing anything in the expensive range without parking. There are five expensive hotels with parking. What area would you like to stay in?
How about the huntingdon marriott hotel, it is in the west in the expensive price range. It also has internet. Would you like to book?
Which dates will you need the room?
Booking was successful at huntingdon marriott hotel starting Wednesday. Your feference number is : 5NVYGFM1 . Is there any further assistance needed?
Where are you traveling to?
Ok, and what day would you want to leave?
I have two trains to birmingham new street. Would you like to arrive at 9:44 or 10:44?
I have successfully created a booking for 5 tickets! Your reference number is 080D4W62 . The fee is 300.39 GBP. Is there anything else I can assist you with today?
You are all set. Thank you!
Okay, I need more information. When are you wanting to leave and arrive?
I'd be happy to help! Where are you coming from?
I have booked a black Volvo for you and the contact number is 07919315223. Anything else I can help you with?
You're welcome. If you think of anything else you need don't hesitate to ask.
Where would you like to travel to ?
There are 19 trains do you have a time you'd like to travel?
I have one leaving Cambridge at 10:21 and arriving in Leicester at 12:06. Would you like to book tickets?
Thank you for using our service. Have a great day.
There are 70 trains do you have a date and time you'd like to go?
TR4212 is arriving at 9:52 would that work for you?
The train leaves at 9:35. Shall I book it for you?
Of course, there are many 4 star hotels to choose from. Would you like me to book one for you?
There are 18 guesthouses to choose from, do you have a preference to the area you would like to stay?
Do you want that guesthouse reservation to begin on Sunday?
I have confirmed your reservation at allenbell starting on Sunday for 5 nights. Your reference number is SLTIVABU . Can I help with anything else?
You are welcome. Enjoy your stay. Good bye.
Certainly, we have 21. Do you have a cuisine type or a price range?
Cotto is a moderately priced restaurant in the centre of town. It serves British food.
The cotto is located at 183 East Road City Centre and their postcode is cb11bg. Would you like me to make a reservation for you?
Thank you for using the Cambridge TownInfo centre. Have a great day!
Unfortunately, I was unable to find a restaurant that serves northern European food. Is there anything else I can help you with?
i have several, can you be mores specific on price and area please?
How about de luca cucina and bar?
The de luca cucina and bar serves modern european food.
The post code is cb21aw and the phone number is 01223356666. Is there anything else I can do for you?
You are welcome. Have a great day.
That depends on your destination and the day that you would like to travel
no record for the same, what other condition is available?
My records show that train TR5695 leaves cambridge 05:21 and arrives at stevenage at 06:10. Does this work for you?
Fare price for train TR5695 is 12.80 pounds. Would you like a booking?
I sure can. What price range were you considering?
There are 5 options available. They are all guesthouses. I recommend autumn house.
In order to check availability for Monday, I would need to know the number of guests in your party and how many nights you're staying.
They are all avaliable for Monday. Shall I book you a reservation with the Autumn house?
Your room is booked, ref# N6K65RIX . Is there anything else I can help with today?
Have a wonderful day and enjoy your trip. Thank you for contacting Cambridge TownInfo centre.
Certainly. It is located on warkworth terrace and the current telephone is 01223363682. Is there anything else I can help with?
I have made your reservation as requested. Your reference number is 5PJBYCAS . Is there anything else I can help you with?
Sure, departing from Cambridge?
May I suggest the TR2289 train arriving at 7:51? There are no later trains.
I was able to make that reservation for you. Your total is 94.4 GBP, which you can pay when you arrive at the station. Your Reference number is : M8O8D0MT .
You're welcome, Have a great day as well.
There are three - Hakka, Golden Wok, and The Hotpot. Would you like more information on one of these?
All three are located on the north side. Do you have a price range you'd prefer? The Golden Wok is moderately priced, while the others are expensive.
The Golden Wok's phone number is 01223350688 and their address is 191 Histon Road Chesterton. Would you like to make a reservation?
Thank you, goodbye.
I can help. Lets start with restaurants. Is there a particular cuisine you are looking for?
Are you simply looking for a recommendation or did you want something in particular? There are about 69 different restaurants to choose from.
The Slug and Lettuce is a gastropub in that area. Their number is not provided, but the address is 34-35 Green Street. Would you like to make a reservation?
I have made those reservations your reference number is SFFOWOEE .
I need to know your departure and arrival sites as well times to book your taxi.
Okay, I will work on getting this booked for you.
What is your departure site?
Okay, and where do you wish to travel to from the restaurant?
I'm sorry, I don't know the specific college your're talking about.
That's ok! I recommend Emmanuel College. Is there any information you would like to have?
Okay! Their phone number is 01223334200. Shall I book that taxi for you now?
Okay. A yellow Honda will pick you up, their contact number is 07691246482
You're welcome. Is there anything else I can do for you today?
You're welcome, let me know if I can assist with anything else.
There are 202 trains to cambridge on monday. Can you tell me your departure station and the time you'd like to travel?
There are 3 trains available. What is your departure time?
TR0757 seems to be the best. Let's go with that.
The price is 10.10 pounds.
I'm sorry, but I don't have anything that meets your needs. Would you like to look for a different type of cuisine, perhaps?
I have found la tasca which serves spanish food in town centre. Would you like me to reserve a table for you here?
It is! Would you like me to book a table for you?
Booking was successful for 16:30. The table will be reserved for 15 minutes. Reference number is : CI38I8Z2 .
You're welcome. Goodbye.
There are 110 restaurants. What area or type of food would you like?
There is Portuguese adn Chinese cheap in this area. Any preference?
I can book the lucky star chinese restaurant in the south. It's address is cambridge leisure park clifton way cherry hinton. Is there anything else I can help with?
Your reservation is for 2 people on Wednesday at 12:00. The reservation number is LERUQAPY .
I have train TR5831 that leaves at 07:11 and will arrive in Cambridge by 07:58. Would that work for you?
How many tickets would you like?
OKay! You're very welcome! Is there anything else I can do for you today?
Have a great day!
Unfortunately there were no matches for that criteria.
Parkside Pools is located at Gonville Place, postcode cb11ly. The phone number is 01223446100.
I am actually unsure of that, sorry.
Charlie Chan is pretty good. In the town centre.
Sure Charlie Chan's address is Regent Street City Centre and their telephone number is 01223361763.
I have you booked at Charlie Chan on Saturday at 20:00 for 5 people. Your reference number is 9Z58HWE1. They hold the table for 15 minutes. Is there anything else?
Wonderful, glad to be of assistance to you. Bye!
I have 2 hotels in the north, would you like to book one?
We have 2 hotels and 8 guesthouses that match your needs. Do you have additional requirements?
How about the ashley hotel? How many people in your party?
Ashley hotel is moderately priced and has free wifi. What night would you like to begin your stay?
You have your reservation at the Ashley, reference number BOF076G4 .
You're welcome! Have a great day!
Downing College is located in the centre of town on Regent Street, postal code cb21dq. Is there anything else I can do for you?
OK, thank you and have a wonderful day.
I have 11 european restaurants to choose from.
Hotel du Vin and Bistro is a moderately priced restaurant in the center of town. Would you like to book a table there?
Sure. I booked that for you and your reference number is FGLQTG48 . Is there anything else I can do for you?
No problem!
Yes, it's located at 1 station road.
Do you need any other information?
I am looking that up now, what day?
The TR3677 leaves at 17:11 and arrives at 17:58. Would you like me to book that for you?
of course! how many tickets do you need?
it will cost you 9.80 pounds
How many tickets do you need?
You're welcome! Feel free to reach out again if anything more comes up. Until then, bye and have a safe trip!
Sure, are you looking for anything specific?
The only restaurant I have that serves African food is expensive. Would you like to search for something else?
I am showing 3 of them. Zizzi cambridge is really good. I can give you more information if you would like.
I've made those reservations your reference number is XWB8F4FL .
I have the vue cinema located at the grafton centre, east road.
welcome andenjoy yourself
The postcode is cb11ps and their phone number is 08712240240. Can I help you with anything else today?
You have a good day!
Is your ferret religious? Perhaps you'd like to visit a beautiful church and appreciate the architecture?
Does you atheist ferret have a preference of the area in town you may like to go?
Does your ferret plan on furthering their education? I have several colleges that are favorite attractions.
There are over 13 attractions on the west side. In order for me to narrow them down, please tell me what you're interested in - colleges? museums?
I found several museums. I might suggest cafe jello gallery but I am not sure if they allow ferrets.
The address is , 13 magdalene street
There are no Catalan restaurants in the city, is there another cuisine you and your ferret are fond of?
hotel du vin and bistro is what i recommend, great food and ferret friendly, would you like more information?
Yes, what time will you be dining?
I need to know for what time and the number who will be dining with you.
I'm a different person, that last person is an example of why we cant have nice things on mturk, you are booked, reference number 8IUONN8K, any other questions.
I hope you and your ferret will enjoy this time together. I did.
There are many different things to do in town. Do you have anything in particular you would want to do?
The Funky Fun House and Cambridge Artworks are great options. Which one do you prefer?
Their postcode is cb58hy. Can I help you with anything else today?
Sure thing how about cotto?
What time will you be coming in?
Table for 4 at Cotto has been reserved for 14:30. They will hold your table for 15 minutes. Your Reference number is : IKS3HXLJ .
Not a problem. Your taxi will be a yellow Toyota. Contact number is 07266630947.
Have a nice day.
It would be my pleasure to book that for you. What time would you like to leave or arrive?
And where should they pick you up from?
I'm confused you said your arriving and leaving from the same location?
Booking completed! Is there anything else I can help you with? Booked car type : red skoda Contact number : 07972444473
Do you need additional help today?
Okay, have a nice day.
Where will you be leaving from?
What time are you looking to depart?
Okay, I have two trains that might work. TR9084 departs at 21:54 and TR3606 leaves at 23:54. Both have a duration of 49 minutes and cost 12.80 pounds. Anything else today?
Okay I have booked that for you and your reference number is 6GRN0MSA . Anything else I can do for you?
Thank you for using our service. Have all of your needs been met?
You're quite welcome. Goodbye!
I'm sorry I didn't get any matches for entertainment in the centre. Would you like me to check surrounding areas?
Yes, indeed, we have five nightclubs.
How about The Fez Club. The post code is cb23hx, phone number 01223519224 and it is 5 pounds to enter. Do you need anymore info?
What is your destination?
And from which station will you be traveling?
TR7931 leaves at 15:17 and arrives at 16:08. Would you like to book a seat?
The duration is 51 minutes. Can I help you with anything else?
Have a nice day!
There are a lot of restaurants you may like, what kind of food do you like? Do you have a price range in mind?
There are no cheap British restaurants in the centre of the city. Would you like me to check a different area?
there either. can we change the price range?
There is the gardenia in the centre. It is cheap. Would you like me to book for you?
Sure. What day and time would you like to be booked and for how many people?
Okay, we got you book. Your table will be reserved for 15 minutes. The reference number is : OH551XPF .
I would recommend the Broughton House Gallery in the centre. Their phone is 01223314960 and the address is 98 King Street, CB11LN.
Thank you, I'm glad I was able to help!
Okay. What area would you like to dine in?
Yes, Curry Garden. Would you like me to book it for you?
I was able to get that reservation booked for you. They will hold the table for 15 minutes. The reference number is S4SIXYH7 .
Unfortunately there are no entertainment venues in that location.
There are eleven museums matching your criteria. May I suggest Museum of Archaelogy and Anthropology?
Sure can! The address is university of cambridge, downing street. Can I help you with anything else?
The phone number is 01223333516 and the postcode is cb23dz. Is there anything else I can help you with, with regard to the museum or anything else?
I will need your time of travel, departure location and arrival location.
More specifically, will you be leaving from the museum to the restaurant?
I have your taxi booked! The driver will be in a Red Volvo and contact number is: 07077059962.
There isn't anything like that in the centre, but The Cherry Hinton Village Centre is located in the East part of town. Does that interest you?
There are many Colleges to visit in centre and most of them are free.
I'm not sure how close it is to the train station but christ's college has free admission.
There is the cityroomz in the centre. It has a moderate price and 0 stars. It offers free internet. Can I book this for you?
I just need one more bit of information from you in order to make your reservations. How many people will we booking this hotel for?
Oh, I'm sorry. Let me get that for you. Christ's College is located at Saint Andrew's Street.
Cityroomz is on Station road. There is internet and it's moderately priced.
The address is sleeperz hotel, station road .
The hotel's name is Cityroomz. The address is sleeperz hotel, station road. It is a hotel. Do you need any additional information?
Thanks for using our service today!
Glad to be of service.
No there is not. Is there something else you would like to try?
There are quite a few places that are expensive. What type of cuisine would you like?
There are a couple of indian resturants in the west, may I recommend Tandoori Palace?
Sure. 68 Histon Road Chesterton. Would you like for me to make reservations?
You're welcome. Have a nice day.
Thank you for calling today. Goodbye.
Yes, La Tasca is moderate and La Raza is cheap. Both are very good.
La Raza is a cheap spanish restaurant. It is located at 4-6 Rose Crescent. Their postcode is cb23ll. Their phone number is 01223464550.
Booking was successful. The table will be reserved for 15 minutes. Reference number is : ATX2NLQ7 .
Saint Barnabas Press Gallery is in the east its entrance fee is free
Saint Barnabas Press Gallery's postcode is CB13EW. Would you like more information?
Your booking is complete. The contact number is 07233527028 and car type is a grey ford. Can I help you with anything else today?
Yeah, you are very welcome. i was happy to assist.
Well thank you. It has been my pleasure to assist you today. I hope you have a wonderful day and a very enjoyable trip.
You're welcome. Goodbye.
I am sorry I am not finding anything to match your criteria. Is there another food type you would be interested in?
There are 15 restaurants in the centre with a cheap price range, serving a variety of cuisines. Would Italian or Mediterranean cuisines be of interest?
The gardenia would suit you just right. I would be happy to book a reservation for you if you would like?
For what day would you like your reservation and what time?
Your reservation has been booked. Your reference number is S7WWFYCU . Is there anything else I can help you with?
no I am sorry
I have five nightclubs. Would you like more info on one?
Then how about ballare? It's code is cb23na.
Yes, the postcode is CB23NA. Is there anything else I can help you with?
You're welcome. We hope you have a great trip, and feel free to contact us if you need additional help. Have a great day!
Let us know id you need any more help.
The Copper Kettle is a British style restaurant in the centre area with a moderate price range. Would you like more information?
The phone number for The Copper Kettle is 01223365068. Would you like any more information or help booking?
Do you want a particular attraction type, such as museum or theatre?
All Saints Church seems like a great attraction.
All Saints Church is an architecture type of attraction. It is free to enter.
You are welcome. Is there anything else I can do for you today?
Have a wonderful day! Good Bye!
I've got 9 guesthouses and one hotel that match your criteria. Would you like to narrow down by star rating or area of town?
I have 3 results all in the cheap range. The names are Allenbell, Autumn House, and Leverton House. How else may I help?
Okay, I have booked the Allenbell guesthouse. The address is 517a coldham lane.
My apologies. Your reservation has been changed to Sunday. Your reference number is VCMKKO1K . Will there be anything else?
There is cineworld cinema in the south and the vue cinema in the centre.
Cineworld Cinema is located at: cambridge leisure park, clifton way.
It was a pleasure to help. Have a good day.
You should go to the Centre. There are a few European places there.
I have three. European and modern European. Which do you prefer?
You're all set! Your reference number is 57618WIH . Do you need anything else?
I'll be glad to look up that information, what day will you be traveling?
The TR7852 leaves at 13:21 and arrives at 14;10. It is 12.80 pounds. Would you like to book it?
For how many tickets?
I have made those reservations and your reference number is 3UAYAFCV .
Goodbye. Have a great time!
How about Cherry Hinton Water Play. It is located at Cherry Hinton Hall, Cherry Hinton Road, postcode cb18dw.
It's free! The phone number is 01223446100. Is there anything else that I can assist you with?
There is one option for a hotel and 6 for a guesthouse. Can you tell me more about the amenities you're looking for?
How about the express by holiday inn cambridge? They are an expensive hotel.
Absolutely! Your booking was successful. Here is your reference number 591PVH19 . Anything else I can help with?
thank you for inquiring with us.
Thank you for using our services. Have a great day!
Yes I there are five restaurants that match what you are looking for. Is there a food type you would prefer?
Sure, I have made a reservation for 6 people at 12:00 thursday at grafton hotel restaurant Reference number is : SWDEOHLF . May I help with anything else?
You are very welcome! Enjoy your meal!
the good luck chinese food takeaway is a nice place. Do you want to book ?
It's on the expensive side. I do have 4 options in the moderate price range in either the centre of town or the north. Do you have a preference?
OK, I recommend the jinling noodle bar, address is 11 Peas Hill City Centre. Can I get anything else for you?
I have 4 places that might meet your needs. 2 are guesthouses and 2 are hotels. Do you have a preference?
I cannot find any hotels with that exact criteria, I apologize.
There is hobsons house, would you like to stay there?
Booked! Reference number is : E0RHMUR6 .
Ok. Enjoy your trip. Thank you. Goodbye
You are booked. Your car is a black BMW and contact number is 07771693374
One more question. Where do you need to be picked up from?
A black volkswagen will be picking you up. Their contact number is 07117431009.
You're welcome! Is there anything else I can help you with?
You're very welcome. Goodbye.
Yes, there is a restaurant called Restaurant Two Two located at 22 Chesterton Road Chesterton. Their phone number is 01223351880.
Yes it is in the expensive price range. Would you like to make a reservation?
I successfully booked a reservation for you at Restaurant two two for Tuesday at 18:30. The reference number is ABD785AU and the table will be held for 15 minutes.
What day will you travel?
Where would you like to depart from?
The trip will cost 4:40 pounds. At what time will you be traveling?
Yes, they all cost 4.40 pounds. Would you like me to book that for you?
Your booking was successful. Your reference for trainID TR3412 is LMWD8DOA .
It is our pleasure, and have a great day!
No problem. Where are you leaving from?
There are several trains available. Is there a time you would like to arrive by?
Oh, I'm sorry, you said that earlier. The TR9395 leaves cambridge at 17:06 and arrives in Peterborough at 17:56. Would you like me to book you on it?
We have many guesthouse hotels with free parking. Do you have a price point or a specific area you would like for the guesthouse to be in?
There are 12 guesthouses that meet your criteria, do you have any additional criteria or would you like me to make a recommendation?
the acorn guest house has 4 stars and does also indeed, have Internet.
No problem. Can I just ask if you wanted me to actually book a train for you? The reservation never went through.
Thank you and have a good day.
Absolutely! When would you like to arrive?
I can help you with that. where are you going?
I have a yellow volkswagen booked for you with a contact number 07582897305.
You're very welcome. How else may I assist you today?
You are welcome and enjoy your ride.
Do you have a type of attraction you'd like to see?
Sure, I can help you with that. Was there a particular area of town you were looking at?
I would highly recommend cambridge artworks located at 5 greens road. It is located on the east side of town.
No reservations needed and its free which makes it even better
Of course. What type of food?
Restauranr Two Two is a nice place,would you like me to book it for you ?
Yes it is in the expensive price range.
Perfect, I have made the reservation for you and the address is 22 Chesterton Road on the north side of Chersteron.
There must be a glitch in the system as the reservation can not complete. Would you like to try a different time or restaurant?
Booking was successful. The table will be reserved for 15 minutes. Your reference number is : QUQ1M210 .
Okay, goodbye and have a nice time!
There are actually 18 colleges in town, did you have an area you wanted to stick to?
The first on my list is christ's college on saint andrew's street, there is no entrance fee. Is this good.
Can I recommend the Rajmahal, at 7 Barnwell Road Fen Ditton?
I was unable to book under this criteria, is there another time of day that you would consider?
How about curry prince? It is also located in the east.
You're all set, your reference number is C262TX42 . Is there anything else I can help you with?
I have booked you with a red Lexus. The contact number is 07986413859. Can I assist you with anything else?
Happy to assist! Take care!
I found the Cambridge Belfry, a 4 star cheap hotel. Would you like to book?
Yes it does include free parking.
Yes, they do offer free WiFi. The number is 01954714600
There are four restaurants that match your search. What price range would you like?
The choices are Curry Prince, Pipasha Restaurant, Rajmahal, and Sitar Tandoori. Would you like to book a table at one of these?
Yes sure. The Curry Prince's telephone number is 01223566388. And their address and postcode are 451 Newmarket Road Fen Ditton cb58jj.
The price range is moderate.
I was able to book that taxi for you. You will be riding in a Blue Audi. Their number is 07768403851. Can I help you with something else?
Happy to be of service, and thanks for using the Cambridge TownInfo centre. Have a wonderful day!
They are at 328a histon road postcod cb43ht, and their phone number is 01223312843
I sure can. What day would you need the room and how long do you plan on staying?
May I ask how many will be in your party?
Your reservation is complete, 4 people for 2 nights at City Centre north B&B, reference 0FVDQUN1 . Can I help you with anything else?
Enjoy your stay!
We have ten places in the area with cheap pricing options, any other things to search for to narrow it down?
At 0 stars your choices are El Shaddai, or City Centre North B&B.
You are good to go, the reference number is F4WHX6KU, can I help with anything else?
There are many places to visit on the east side. Would you like a museum, a park, boating, or something else?
Camboats is very fun, a boat attraction. Would you like more info on it?
Unfortunately, I do not have access to their entrance fee. However, you can reach them at 01223902112 to inquire. Is there anything else I can do for you today?
Ok. I booked a black toyota for you. Your contact number is 07070847179.
Enjoy your taxi and day.
You're welcome, have a great day!
We have 3 places that match your request. Do you have an area or price range you're looking at?
I'm sorry, there is not an expensive one. I do have a moderate hotel, Cityroomz, would you be interested in that?
El Shaddai is a cheap guesthouse in the centre with a 0 star rating. There is also City Centre North B and B in the north area.
In order to complete your booking, can you tell me how many there are in your party and how many days you would like to stay?
Friday through Monday would be 4 days, not 3. Would you like me to book you for the 4 days instead of 3?
Of course, the post code is cb11eg.
Absolutely! I have over 400 trains on Friday! Where are you leaving from and going to?
What time would you like to travel? Oh, and did you need that hotel reservation made, or no?
Train TR0465 arrives by 16:07 in Cambridge. Shall I book that for you now?
The cost per ticket is 10.10 pounds for that route. Is there anything more I can assist you with?
Bye, enjoy the trip.
I can look that up on my end for you, instead. What would you like to know about the Alpha-Milton?
All set. Your reference number is ND2FGBF1 .
There are several trains going to Stevenage. What day would you like to depart?
Okay there are 10 trains. What time would you like to leave after or arrive by?
I am sorry we do not have a train fitting your needs for Monday at 18:30.
My apologies, there are actually 7 trains. Shall I book one for you?
I have a train booked for 2 people departing Cambridge at 17:21 and arriving in Stevenage at 18:10 on Monday. Your reference number is HPTBAZKC . Is there anything else?
Have a great day and thanks for contacting Cambridge TownInfo centre. Goodbye.
The TR2166 leaves cambridge at 19:59 and arrives london liverpool street. Need a ticket?
The TR3940 leaves london liverpool street at 19:39 and arrives in cambidge. Need a ticket?
Reference number is : P0GRIJTT . Is there anything I can help you with further?
We have several different attractions in the centre. Is there a particular type of attraction you'd be interested in?
What price point would you like?
How about All Saints Church on Jesus Lane. Their postcode is cb58bs
Thank y for calling in today. Have a good day.
Yes, the Museum of Classical Archaeology is in the west on Sidgwick Avenue. It offers free entry.
Absolutely. Their postcode is cb39da. Is there anything else I can do for you today?
That won't be a problem. What is your destination and what time would you like to arrive there?
The train that arrives closet to your arrival time is TR7785 which arrives at 14:43. Does that work for you?
Certainly. First, can you confirm how many seats you will be needing for this trip?
Ok, I've booked you 1 seat on TR7785. Your reference number is XC5XLDT7 . Your total is 12.8 GBP payable at the station. Anything else I can do?
Your welcome, have a nice day.
There are quite a few. Do you want to stay in a particular part of town?
do you have preference in star rating?
Bridge guest house is nice. It's a moderately priced 3 star guesthouse in the south. Would that work for you?
There are many trains from Cambridge to Norwich each day. What day and time do you prefer?
Is there a time you would like to leave?
I have booked the TR8498. The total fee will be 52.8 GBP, which is payable at the station. Your reference number is AZLXAJJC .
You're welcome! Have a great day!
Alpha-milton guest house is in the north part of town, in the moderate price range, 3 stars rated, and has no internet or parking
I was able to successfully book that for you. Your reference number is MXWS56BV . Is there anything else I can assist you with?
Thank you for using Cambridge TownInfo centre.
You as well, goodbye.
There are 29 hotels that meet your needs. Would you like to narrow your search by area and/or price range?
The Alexander Bed and Breakfast and the El Shaddai both fit your specifications. Would you like me to book either of those?
Alexander bed and breakfast is a guesthouse, it has a 4 star rating. Would you like me to book you a room?
The Alexander Bed & Breakfast is located at 56 saint barnabas road. Can I help you with something else today?
I have an African restaurant and some European restaurants located in the city centre. Any preferences?
Alright, I have one location for that: The Missing sock. Would you like me to make you reservations here?
I am sorry, they cannot accommodate six in that time slot. Would you like to try a different time?
Booking was successful for 18:45. The table will be reserved for 15 minutes. Reference number is : 5D209RMX .
Is there anything else I can help you with today?
Thank you for contacting the Cambridge TownInfo centre today!
The address is free school lane and the postcode is cb23rh.
The Whipple is a museum type attraction located in the centre area. Can I do anything else for you?
We have 14 options available to you. Is there a certain area you are wanting to stay in?
Great, that narrows it down to 9 entries. How about the archway house? It is in the north and is priced at moderate.
Yes. The phone number is 01223575314 and the postcode is cb43pe.
I can do that for you. Please give me your departure place and time.
I've booked you red Volvo. Their number is 07683609856. Anything else I can help with?
Thank you for using our service. Have a great day.
I have found several options for you, sir. What part of town did you have in mind?
I could not find a guesthouse available in the expensive price range. Is there a different price range you would accept?
I have 14 total moderate priced guesthouses. Do you have a preference of which area of town?
The Avalon is a moderate-price guesthouse in the north with a 4-star rating and internet. Do you want me to book it?
Booking was successful. Reference number is : 9ZW11UHM .
You're welcome. Is there anything else that I may assist you with today?
Thank you for using our services.
I would be more than happy to assist you with that however, I need some more information please.
There are quite a few moderately priced restaurants in the city centre. Do you have a cuisine preference?
I do not have any moderately priced restaurants in the centre of town serving latin american food.
I am sorry there no Italian restaurants either. Would you like to try a different price range or food?
Yes I have two pizza places to choose from. Would you like me to suggest one and make a booking for you?
Done! Your reference number is C3YO3LS0 . Your table will be reserved for 15 minutes. Can I help you with anything else?
How about King's College in centre. Address is King's parade, phone 01223331100.
Okay I have that booked for you, the contact number is 0 754-399-4513, be looking for a yellow Ford to pick you up from King's College around 2:45 p.m. and take you to Pizza Express.
You're welcome. Have a great day!
I was able to get a couple of options for you, is there a certain area you would like to go to?
How about stazione restaurant and coffee bar?
Booking was unfortunately unsuccessful. Let's try another day or time slot.
You are booked for 10:30. Your reference number is 4H1DRIF8 . Is there anything else I can assist you with?
Enjoy your meal! Goodbye!
Where will you be departing from?
You're in luck! TR8288 departs london kings cross at 19:17, arriving in cambridge at 20:08. The fare is 23.60 GBP. Can I help with anything else today?
Sure you need a restaurant? in what part of town and what cuisine?
I apologize. I need to know how many you need tickets for on the train so I can book your tickets.
Booked! You will pay 141.6 GBP at the station. Reference number: OGHWPYHK .
Are you sure you don't need a restaurant?
All right. Have a good day!
There are 1414 trains heading to cambridge, what is your departure location?
To narrow down the results, please tell me what day and time you would like to depart.
The closest departure to that time would be TR9286 leaving at 19:29 and arriving at 20:07. Would you like me to book that for you?
Your train is booked. TR9286, leaving at 19:29. Your reference number is HJRIJOWD . What type of restaurant are you interested in?
Certainly. We have many different attractions in the east, from Camboats to the Funky Fun House and the Cambridge Museum of Technology. Are you looking for anything specific?
OK, how about Cambridge Artworks, the phone number is 01223902168, the address is 5 Greens Road, the postcode is cb13ef, and it's free!
Thank you! Goodbye.
What day would you like to travel and which station do you wish to depart from?
Very well. What time would you like to depart?
TR9013 will arrive in cambridge by 14:43, does this work for you? Would you like to book a ticket?
Great, I have your 8 tickets booked for the TR9013. The reference number for this is 9VDNJCY8 . Is there anything else I can help you with?
Have a great day!
OK, can I help you with that? Maybe book you some travel or accommodations?
there are many restraunts in cambridge, what exactly are you looking for?
We have two. Would you prefer one in the south or the centre?
I highly recommend nandos. They are located on the south side of town. Their postcode is cb17dy and their phone number is 01223327908. Is there anything else you need?
Where are you departing from, and what day? Do you have a spcific time you need to leave or arrive by?
There are 4 trains that meet your criteria, departing at 05:11, 06:11, 07:11, or 08:11. Which one would you like me to book?
I booked you on the TR1574. Your reference is Z6DSQLFY and 58.8 GBP is due at the station. Is there anything else I can help you with?
Hope you have a wonderful day. Goodbye.
there are 2,828 trains with you description, would you kindly specify where it is you are going where from and time
There are 11 different trains what time would you like to arrive?
TR5802 leaves at 13:01, will that work for you?
You are booked on TR5802. Your reference number is PEGFA2WO . The total fee is 107.4 GBP. Do you need help with anything else?
Certainly. Their phone number in 01223525725, postcode cb12de. Shall I book rooms for you at the guesthouse?
Is there anything else you would like me to lookup for you?
If you should need anything else, we are always here to help.
There are many. What kind of attraction would you like to visit?
All saints church is in the centre of town and the postcode is cb58bs
where are you headed to and what time?
ok, what day will this be and where from?
Train TR3058 leaves at 7:29 on tuesday and arrives at cambridge by 8:07. The price is 10.10 pounds, would you like me to book this for you?
Is there anything else I can help you with?
You are quite welcome, thank you for using our services! Have a wonderful day.
Dojo Noodle Bar is located at 40210 Millers Yard in the City Centre.
There are nine expensive restaurants in the west. Is there a type of cuisine you would like to try?
There are five Indian restaurants that meet your criteria. May I suggest Tandoori Palace at 68 Histon Road in Chesterton?
That is booked! Your reference number is R288OI3N . Can I help with anything else?
There are 19 trains going to Leicester Wednesday, where would you like to depart from and what time?
The earliest I have is 18:21. Does this work?
I have booked 5 seats on TR8304, departing Cambridge at 18:21. Your reference number is RALFIJUX . Can I assist you with anything else today?
You're very welcome, please contact us again if you need further information during your visit to Cambridge.
Sure! It is a guesthouse and has free wifi! What other information do you need?
They do have free parking yes
Where are you departing from?
I have train TR7658 that leaves at 22:09 and arrives in Cambridge by 23:54. Will that work for you?
Booking was successful, the total fee is 151.19 GBP payable at the station . Reference number is : YDYACFUZ .
I'm glad I could help.
Yes, the entrance fee is 4 pounds. What else would you like to know?
The area is centre and the postcode is cb21jf. Would you like anything else today?
Arrivals are 07:44, 01:44, 07:44, 01:44, and 07:44 what day will you be traveling?
Ok, I can go ahead and book the TR0115. Which arrives at 7:44 in birmingham new street. How many tickets are you needing to purchase?
I was able to successfully book your ticket. Your reference number is 2QYMHOW5 . Is there anything else I can help you with today?
Your departure time will be at 05:01 and you arrival time will be at 07:44. Is there anything else I could assist with?
Yes, that's right. 163 minutes.
Thank you for using our service this evening.
Sure. What is the price range and how many rooms do you need to book?
There are 6 choices. May I recommend the moderately priced Carolina Bed and Breakfast?
My apologies. That booking was not available. Would you like to try another day or a shorter stay?
It also isn't available for that. Is there another place I could recommend?
I was able to book Allenbell for you for 1 night on Wednesday. The reference number is CS4G5QZO .
Certainly. On which day will you be traveling?
The price for the tickets are 17.60 pounds. Would you like to book a seat?
We have trains arriving hourly. Do you have a preferred departure or arrival time? The trip takes about 1 hour and 15 minutes.
For how many people?
I booked you one seat on TR4203 leaving Norwich for Cambridge on Wednesday at 05:16. Reference: Y8U2PD7G . Anything more today?
the price is 17.60 pounds.
There are several options available. Are you looking for indoor or outdoor locations?
Cambridge artworks is available to book.
Cambridge Artworks is a museum located in the east part of town. They offer free admission. Is there any other info you need?
I'd be happy to help you with that. Can you tell me where you will be departing from?
Okay, I can make that booking. But, first, let me just confirm the destination is Cambridge?
TR0141 will arrive at 14:07
Your # is NA43RK1N . total fee is 50.5 GDP. Can I do anything else for you?
You're welcome! Have a great day.
Where is your destination?
On what day will you be travelling?
I have train TR3732 arriving at 11:44 that is the closest I have to 12:00.
Your booking was successful, the total fee is 75.09 GBP payable at the station. Reference number is : 2J0KM65O . Can I help with anything else?
Do you have a specific price range or would you like the acorn guest house?
Great, would you like me to book it? What day will you be arriving, how many nights will you stay and how many people will be staying?
Yes, there is free parking. Could I book it for you?
And how many people will be staying there?
Sorry, that booking was unsuccessful.
I am unable to book that?
I was able to get that reservation for Monday for you. Booking was successful. Reference number is : FKEP3EGU . Let me know if that will work for you.
You're welcome and enjoy your stay.
Have a great day!
I don't have any hotels that are 4 star in that area but I do have some guesthouses. Would you be interested in taking a look at any of them?
a and b guest house is located in 124 tenison road
You are booked with a reference number of EI4TCIEU . Can I be of further assistance?
I can help with that. Where will you be departing from?
I have train TR0465 that will depart at 15:29 and will arrive by 16:07. Do you think this would work for you?
Ok. I booked two tickets for you on train TR0201. Your reference number is 960INQQH .
You're so welcome. Have a beautiful day!
Where is the destination and what day would you like to travel?
And what time?
Alright and when would you like to leave by?
Ok I have a train arriving at 10:54, its TR3839, how many tickets please
Booking was successful, the total fee is 151.19 GBP payable at the station. Reference number is : ZJCV6A8L . Can I help with anything else today?
That's okay. There are two that meet your criteria. The Ashley Hotel, and the Lovell Lodge. Would you like me to book one of them for you?
Okay, I see 8 options here. Do you prefer moderate or cheap price?
What about the Acorn Guest House? It gets 4 stores and is moderately priced.
Yes it is a guesthouse. I made your reservation, and the reference number is KSXKMXWC . Anything else?
You are so very welcome! Have a good day!
Sorry, there are no afghan restaurants in the centre.
Indeed, Little Seoul serves Korean at 108 Regent Street City Centre. Would you like me to make a reservation for you?
the pricerange is expensive and its at 108 Regent Street City Centre.
There are 5 hotels, do you have any other requirements?
I've got the el shaddai. It has free internet and parking. Would you like to book?
You're all booked. Your reference number is JA9SNY47 .
Great thank you for your help.
Yes, I can help. Do you have a price range and part of town in mind?
There are two hotels in the north area with moderate prices. Ashley hotel and Lovell Lodge. Both are two stars, would you me to book you for either one?
Certainly. What day would you like to stay?
They are located at 74 chesterton road. Their number is 01223350059.
We are here to help, cheers.
Sure, trains travel to Cambridge every 2 hours, beginning at 06:43. Can I book one for you?
TR4546 departs at 09:21 and arrives at 10:10. Can I book that train for you?
The price for a train ticket from Cambridge to Stevenage is 12.80 pounds. Is there anything else that I can do for you?
We have 3 such options. Does star rating matter?
Cityroomz is located in the center, would you like me to make a reservation?
You're all set. The reference code is H3ZT7DY0 . What else can I help with?
Sure, no problem. Thank you for calling! Have a nice day.
Limehouse is a guesthouse in the north part of town, it's rated 4 stars and in the moderate price range. It has free parking and internet. Would you like to book?
Booking was a success and here is your reference number QJ1HXGEY . Can I help you with anything else?
There are 5 different architecture venue's in the centre area, 4 have free entrance. Would you like a recommendation?
I would recommend visiting the Holy Trinity Church which can be found on Market Street. Is there anything else I can look up for you?
Holy Trinity church is located on market street and the postcode is cb23nz. Is there anything else I can assist you with today?
Okay. Glad we could help!
Okay, I've booked a taxi for you. It will be a white Toyota. The contact number is 07988739221.
Excellent. Thanks for texting us.
There's four modern european restaurants in the centre of town. Do you have a particular price range in mind?
There are two results. de luca cucina and bar and riverside brasserie, can I book one of these for you?
Your table at De luca cucina and bar will be held for 15 minutes. Your reference number is 5PEQ5B4U . Can I be of further assistance?
Where will you be departing from?
TR 9781 is the train closest to that time, gets you there at 11:51. That should give you time to check out the shops. Shall I book you?
All set! Your reference number is 71LHAW0C . The total fee will be 141.6 GBP.
No problem, I'm glad I was able to assist you today. Enjoy your trip, good day!
There are many trains available for that criteria. I can narrow it down if you tell me where you will be departing from.
I have 12 trains leaving that day, the earliest is 12:40 and arriving at 15:23. Will that work for you?
The train is booked for 8 on Thursday. The reference number is W52S8R11 .
Would you like to visit museum of archaelogy and anthropology, they are in the centre of town.
Sure. The phone number is 01223333516, and is free to enter. Can I help you with anything else?
Happy I could be of service. Enjoy your day!
There are 21 guesthouses and hotels in the area that are 4 stars and have free wifi. Do you have a preference for price range or location?
There are 3 that fit your needs. Do you need parking?
How about carolina bed and breakfast?
I'll need to know when you will be arriving, how many nights your stay will be and for how many people.
It appears that carolina bed and breakfast is not available for 5 nights and 5 people on Wednesday. Would you like a different day or shorter stay?
I was able to make a reservation for Wednesday night for 5 people. The reservation number is 4KJWHSTI . Can I help with anything else?
You are welcome. Please let us know if we can help in the future.
In the north there are the following attractions: boat, park, and 2 swimming pools. Would you like more information on any of these?
Jesus Green Outdoor pool's postcode is cb43px and their phone number is 01223302579. Kings Hedges Learner pool's postcode is cb42xh and their phone number is 01223353248. Anything else?
Where will you be traveling to and from?
And what is your destination?
TR6072 leaves Cambridge at 19:29 on Sunday and arrives in Bishops Stortford at 20:07. The cost is 8.08 pounds per ticket. Would you like me to book it for you?
Thank you for using the Cambridge TowneInfo Center. Goodbye.
There are quite a few cheap restaurants in the centre! Did you have a particular type of food in mind?
If you're interested in asian oriental food, the dojo noodle bar is cheap and in the center of town. Would you like me to reserve a table for you?
I was able to make that reservation for Dojo Noodle Bar for you, reference number 6NXV7KHZ . Is there anything else I can do for you?
Alright there are quite a few. When would you like to leave by?
Ok, I have found you a train leaving Bishop's Stortford at 9:29 and arriving in Cambridge at 10:07. Would you like me to book this for you?
The total fee is 70.7 GBP, the train id is TR9178, and the travel time is 38 minutes.
Great. Then you are all set. Have a great evening. Goodbye.
Okay. Where will you be departing from?
What time do you need to arrive?
Ok, I've successfully booked your trip, on train TR4824, arriving in Cambridge at 10:08, the fee is 94.4 GBP and your reference number is TVT0T8VJ .
Limhouse is a guesthouse in the north. It is in the moderate price range and has a 4 star rating. Was there anything else you needed to know?
Do you need information on any attractions? Is there anything else that I can help you with today?
And for how many people?
Your booking was a success! Your reference number is: RJ56SN8K . Can I assist with anything else?
Ok. And where will you be departing from?
What time would you like to leave?
How about TR2895? It leaves at 05:59.
Your booking is complete. Your reference number is H5MDQ0XR .
The Man on the Moon 2 Norfolk Street, cb12lf. Will there be anything else today?
There's two: la margherita, a Italian place, and thanh binh, which serves vietnamese food. Can I provide you more information?
The post code for La Margherita and Thanh binh is cb30af. Would you like a reservation at one of these great restaurants?
How many people will be with you?
Can I also get what time and what day you would like the reservation for?
What are your other requirements?
Finches bed and breakfast is a cheap guesthouse on the west side of town. Should I reserve you any rooms?
Your room is booked, ref #1DCW8JZN . Can I help you with anything else today?
It looks like you're already booked at a hotel. Would you like help with something else?
You're welcome, have a great day!
There are a few to choose from. The cuisine includes Asian Oriental, Chinese, Oriental and French. Which do you prefer?
How about the hotpot?
The hotpot serves Chinese foods and the phone number is 01223366552 while their zip code is cb41ep. Is there another thing you might want to know?
Rosa's bed and breakfast is located in the south area, it is in the cheap price range and has a 4 star rating. Would you like their phone number?
The reference number is 0XWIWMI1 can I assist with anything else?
You are welcome. Have a good day.
For when and how many?
Booking was successful. The table will be reserved for 15 minutes. Reference number is : ZB0MA4IZ . May I help you further?
Train TR9013 will get you from Stevenage to Cambridge at 14:43. It departs at 13.54. Would you like to book a ticket?
I have a train arriving at 10:43. How does that sound?
It leaves at 9:54 and it will cost 12.80.
Your train tickets are booked for TR 8265, departing from Stevenage at 9:54, arriving in Cambridge at 10:43. Your reference number isD0V6U0MA . Total is 64 GBP payable at the station.
Is there anything else that I can do for you?
You're welcome. Have a great day.
There are 57 results. Is there a certain type of food or area you'd like?
The Gourmet Burger Kitchen would be perfect for you! It's at Regent Street City Centre. Would you like more information?
Booking was successful. Reference number is: DKCSWX6P .
The Acorn Guest House is located in the north, it is in the moderate price range and has 4 stars. I would be pleased to help you book your stay.
I was able to do that and your reservation number is 6KQ6NMIQ .
I've got that booked for you. Was there anything else I can help you find today?
Thank you for using our service!
What type of attraction are you looking for?
You have boat,entertainment,museum,mutliple sports,park and swimmingpool to choose from.
cambridge artworks is located at 5 greens road
I have one in the west and one in the centre. Do you have a preference?
There are no 4 star expensive hotels in the east side. Would you prefer to try another area or price point?
I have a few cheap guesthouses that fit your criteria. Want one of those?
Would you like me to book a room at the autumn house for you?
the address is 710 newmarket road with postcode cb58rs
Where would you like to be picked up?
I will need to know where you are going as well.
You would like to be picked up at the Autumn House?
Please look for a black Skoda. The contact number is: 07894762729. What else can I help with today?
Thank you. Please call again if there is anything we can assist you with. Goodbye.
I can help you with that. where are you going?
I have confirmed a booking for a yellow honda.
Sure. It's 07226817225.
You are welcome. Have a good day. Goodbye.
Sure, where are you departing from?
Do you have a specific time you need to arrive by?
Alright how about the TR8131?
It will leave at 21:34 is that okay?
I have booked your seats here is the information:Booking was successful, the total fee is 115.5 GBP payable at the station . Reference number is : WFKVRSVF .
There are a few in the centre. I always recommend ADC Theatre located on Park Street.
I don't know if it is the newest theater. Would you like directions to it or information on another attraction?
adc theatre is in the city center on park street; i am not sure about the entrance fee.
May I help you with a booking for a restaurant or lodging? Or have I answered all your questions for today?
Good bye.
There are several available. Would you like us to book one for you?
There are 8 guesthouses on the north side of town that offer free internet and are moderately priced. What dates would you like to book and for how many people?
We have acorn guest house, arbury lodge guesthouse, archway house, avalon, hamilton lodge, home from home, kirkwood house, or limehouse?
Booking was unsuccessful. Would you like to book for another day or a shorter stay?
I have successfully booked your room at the Limehouse. Your reference number is 4VB8JH2B . As for the restaurant, do you have any preferences as far as price range goes?
There is the Nirala, it is moderately priced and the Royal Spice which is in the cheap price range. Would you like me to book a table for you at one of these locations?
The number for The Nirala is 01223360966 cb41uy. The number for Royal Spice is 01733553355 and the postcode is cb41eh.
Thank you and have a good day.
can please provide more information to help us serve you better.
My apologies. There is nothing in the moderate price range that is traditional. Would you like to try a different type of restaurant?
How does the riverside brasserie sound? It's at the Doubletree.
Booking was successful. The table will be reserved for 15 minutes. Reference number is : RB2JTPWC . Can I help with anything else today?
The hotel is on the west side and has 4 stars. It is a cheap hotel. Would you like to make a booking?
Okay, I will go ahead and sign off. Let me know if you need any further assistance.
