good how are you ?
i am in between jobs right now what about you
i love to relax with my fluffy cat named cow
i live on teh west coast with my boyfriend of 10 years
the weather must be nice there
so true
hello ! i am good , i am stuck in bed with a broken leg
i do too , i have always been sleepy since i was born early
i was born two months early , i am sorry about your parents !
my older sister is a therapist ! her name is mary
that stinks , i have never needed a therapist but mary is good !
what kind of emotions do you have trouble with ?
i am so sorry , why do you feel that way ?
i am doing good ! just got off the freeway .
i saved an infant from a burning car while going to a basketball game .
everyone is fine . i just happened to be passing by .
on my family farm , there is a need to know rescue techniques . it was easy .
i could help you . i hate fresh produce but i fake it pretty well .
i live in seattle , so i have magic weed . could that help ?
shoot . i smoke when i play badminton . it helps me focus .
it s my days off so i m fine thank you , you ?
oh i understand . i moved away last year to go to college
i cant stay online too long , i have to pick up my new pair of eyeglasses
probably not . busy day . picking up my pepe le peu purse from repair shop
no . red clashes with my olive skin , not to mention my greenish eyes .
books ! which probably explains why i m studying to become a librarian . you ?
no . i live at school . i travel though to go to rockabilly concerts
i live at school . thankfully . love parents but don t have to live with them !
nothing wrong with that , jackie . i am gerard and i myself am a bit of a hermit .
well , i feel old . i am almost three times your age . do you ever have any fun ?
you have a lot in common with my son . i always encourage music . do you play ?
yikes . give them time . they will come around . any other interests ?
new england is a beautiful place to grow up . i work in connecticut now . nice weather .
what do you plan to do when you graduate ? will you travel ? any grandiose dreams ?
a very exciting time . of course , for me , it was 30 years ago . ha !
not much , waiting on my next lesson to arrive .
yes , i teach guitar , violin , etc . i play several instruments actually
awesome , i love to travel in my spare time . what kind of music do you sing ?
i prefer classical but listen to all kinds
nice , you like making jewelry ?
what ever keeps you busy !
hi nariko . you are doing good so far . how is your day going ?
good ! i lived in la when i was working on being an actor .
i tried but it did not work out . now i have a wife kids and am a teacher .
home economics teacher . not what i thought i would be doing . it works .
teaches kids how to do stuff around the house . cook , clean , pay bills , sew
not many schools have it anymore . i retire at the end of the year .
not since i was little . you like it out in la ?
you bake ? the sunny weather always makes me want to bake !
i would love to ! i really enjoy adventures
snow is fun ! i work as a fitness guru
oh cool ! i believe god should be first
how tall are you ? i am 5 foot 3
wow that is tall haha !
haha cool ! i want to be more free spirited
it is . do you like to travel ?
oh cool ! i never went to school
cool ! where you from ? new hampshire myself !
bummer . you sound very unique ! so , what do you do ?
oh , that is neat ! i am a teacher , i teach 3rd grade .
yeah , sometimes , love to go dancing , esp salsa !
warping er uh . . . shaping young minds ! hehe ! the kids are always fun to work wtih
i have subbed for them a few time . . different than kids for sure
i am well this morning thank you
that is for sure lol . i do not really have a lot of time to work out
ll . although i do get quite a workout in my job so it balances
i am a elementary school teacher
ll yes it is
sorry ll i teach first grade
i am doing great . just came in from planting some tulips . you ?
that sounds lovely ! being an older guy , i think working in the garden is obligatory .
nice ! do you enjoy that ?
not currently . i enjoy creating art , i wonder if i could do volunteer work with that .
ooh , good idea ! i will have to ask around . hey , do you like music ?
cool ! i really like the band ween , but i also like all kinds of music .
i really enjoy alternative rock . you ?
its good , how are you ?
are yo allergic to anything ?
sorry to hear that . i am allergic to dust
what food do you eat ?
i eat organic foods mostly
do you get some autographs ?
i have over 2000 of them ! ! !
i have to be super sneaky to get them
great , i just finished a studio shoot while singing a song i wrote , you ?
tell me more , i am writing a story about people with cats
it is called people and thier cats . seeing trends and quirks of cat owners
that is great , i want to do some pictures for the book
i love popcorn just like my mtv movie award i have
you could say that i guess
i use that color a lot in my paintings . you like music ?
my hobbies are , reading , country music , and going to the beach
i am fine , just a little busy , vegan is my life style and you
ok , that is a very stressful job , do you agree ?
i like my job of 7 years , because i can listen to country music
i work in an old fashion record store , i specialize in country lps
yes it is , that is why i work there for 7 years
hello how are you today ?
only if you wear black , it is my color
i just got my iphone
i love it so much
that sucks , do you watch rick and morty ?
that is great i am writing about that
carnivores and my favorite color
yea all kinds of meat right ?
doing well . i am new to la
i just moved here . i used to live in tokyo
its an awesome city , but i want to make it in hollywood
i bet you have learned a lot of languages . i am learning english
i like superhero movies . that is close to comics
i like iron man . i will be famous like tony stark
i wish that was possible . maybe you could play one on tv
maybe . can you sing and dance ? that would help
ll i do those sometimes too
why do you say that ?
where do you plan to go ?
i went there a few years ago
i cant , i can climb tho
do you have any other hobbies ?
what does it mean when you fall ?
or when you dream about car crashes ?
i am well , how are you ?
i do , i am married and together we have three kids . do you ?
i like being a mother , i am busy though working at a law firm .
not really , but i like to golf . are you a runner ?
wow , do you listen to music while you run ? i like classical
that is amazing ! what a great accomplishment !
doing great . how are you ?
i just had lunch so getting ready to finish out the work day .
i am a swimmer . that is all i love to do during summer . you fish very much ?
awesome . i also enjoy cooking my mothers greek recipes . i made baklava last night !
that is cool . my mother is from greece so i make greek food all the time .
lol . my dad is from south carolina so i know what you mean about country !
i was just there last week painting his house green . its my favorite color
ha that is great , i love jazz and italian food
what do you like to grow in it ?
i totally agree they taste much better
i know a guy at the gym i go to that grows food
yeah they are doing this garden in a box thing
they did it as a class project
it is a little gloomy here ! i have been stuck inside thinking about food a lot !
i love pizza hut ! i am always hungry and addicted to shopping
lucky ! i have issues with people asking me lots of questions
can it be of a forest ? i love spending time in forests !
that would be amazing i can not wait to see the finished painting
you sound like a very talented person !
thank you ! i think we would get along well
i normally do not like when people get close to me
i would love that ! i can always use knowledge to make myself look awake .
i do not . i work at a school all day .
taking care of a pet after 30 children all day would be exhausting .
my mother stays at home , while my father owns a grocery store in my hometown .
exactly . i bet you get cheap flights as well !
that is always good ! any cool places you have visited ?
i have not had the opportunity to travel much . my focus was my degree .
hi . i collect toys that wear small rain coats . you ?
then you are very busy . i hear voices .
2 women . they sound young .
no they do not sing . they scream a lot .
they argue with each other . i argue with myself .
everything . who is right , who is wrong .
i love cakes that are a mystery flavor .
my neighbor has a pool . their pool boy is hot !
hello , i am doing great . thinking about going for a walk soon .
sorry to hear that . what do you enjoy doing ?
nice . i like working on projects like knitting and crochet also going swimming at the lake .
that always works for me !
i like making hats and scarfs . sometimes stuffed animals or baby blankets
it is actually very simple once you learn a couple basic stitches .
yes , although it feels like summer today fall will definitely be here fast .
yes , i agree . any plans for fall ? i am going to some concerts .
i am well ever been to canada ?
i been twice , it was not much different
i do not work , just travel .
yummy what special kind do you have ? like boats ?
my uncle use to work on 1
no i like to listen in the cab my dad use to drive the good ole days
lol we all do sometimes there every been to the west coast ?
me too ! my friend is having a birthday soon
hi ! i am good . i love a good pepperoni pizza .
i am a teacher ! i eat at a place near my school in fl .
i am married . my high school sweetheart is the man .
i really enjoy drinking iced tea
going to work and listening to music
yes ! and dancing as well .
yes i love performing very much
i might have some fans
it would be better if i live in a home .
in los angeles in my subaru . i dropped out of princeton last month .
yes but i cared more about my love , my sweetheart .
well i am so hopeless in love that i bought her a bouquet of flowers .
well the bouquet had a bee in it so she thought i had did it .
yes so without her i did not want college .
and without college my parents did not want me to live with them .
i am ok nice to meet you i was just reading a book
did they win ? i played basketball in school
i do not blame you do you have any pets ?
cool i usually watch my friends dogs when they go out of town
which one ? the kinetic one seems popular now
oh i have not heard of that one
haha yea have you ever dyed your hair ? i did
are you going to the parents for thanksgiving ? i am going to dads
oh nice what is it ? i currently work a traditional office job
interesting ? what is your favorite food ?
same i love pasta and anything italian . i actually just visited italy
true it was nice to get out of the city and see the beautiful italian countryside
interesting . do you have any kids ?
i actually do not have any kids . i work too much
if you could do anything in the world what would you do ?
fine about to go to the movies . yo ?
ahh what do u do i am training to be a veterinarian
ooh i would love to travel to israel and see the home of the bible
i love empanada its my splurge when i am not at a bookstore
i like surprises like steven king novels you never know where he is gonna go
i met my boyfriend at a horror convention
texas fright mare was the name but put the words together cause the chat will not allow it
i am lovely . how are you ?
you are going to be a doctor . that is awesome .
cool . i just got in from mountain biking .
it is exciting . i eat a couple of boiled eggs before biking for energy .
i try to be but i love sweet tea .
i love sweets but i try to avoid them .
i love movies . my favorite movie of all time is grease .
i love movies . my favorite movie of all time is grease .
i cannot afford to that , even though i have been slaving at my job for seven years
no i do not . i live alone , but i like to hang out on the beach
what is your favorite style ? i like to jive
oh , i love salsa as well ! good for the body . i am also vegan
haha . i do not see the link
are you saying blondes do not have willpower ?
haha . you are just being modest
go climb a mountain . will make you tough as nails
good morning , its going pretty well how is your day ?
i understand that one . i am gonna play a new video game i got yesterday
destiny 2 i loved the first one
my family is the same . what do you do for a living
that sounds like a rewarding job . i work in marketing
i enjoy it but like most jobs it does have its bad days
hello . its enjoyable . how is your weekend going ?
is it any good ? my new boyfriend has been talking about it .
not lately . i been reading and walking around the lake i live by .
mostly hardbacks . not much internet by the lake . do you enjoy reading ?
that is true . do you go to school ?
senior year and i absolutely hate going .
not planning on it but parents are pushing it .
well i spend as much time in the mountains as i can . you ?
that is great i am more pathetic than artistic , i play baseball . what do you do ?
i am a doctor , and i get to work every day with my wife she is a nurse
general a little bit of everything . what else do you enjoy besides painting ?
do you have a big family ? there is on , y
its hard to find the time , between work 2 kids .
i am a loving mother and wife , with the most beautiful grandchildren .
i am sitting on my back deck taking in the cool breeze off the lake !
oh delicious , sounds like something my husband would hate !
yes he does ! he reads and i sew . its kind of my passion , opened a little shop .
my oldest grandson loves that series book !
oh , i have seen those movies a hundred times with my grandkids !
its been a pleasure dear ! i might just have to check those books out .
wait i did not get your name !
hi , i just finished playing the guitar
yes i am . i also design clothes . just opened my online shop in august
i am thinking of new products to add to my shop
aww . i have not made any sales yet but i am hoping to soon
if you would like to check it out . www . cafepress . com lelesfashionshop1
yes i can have plus size . i also customize things like with names
thanks so much . i am trying my best . is there something particular you like ?
ok , glued to tv watchin weather channel while playing my guitar .
no . i prefer to get out in nature instead of watching others play games !
i used to run in between classes i was teaching . but then i hurt my knees .
yes . i actually teach film studies courses at nashville university . you ?
what is your favorite foreign film ?
check out das boot . sorry but the farmers market is closing and i need some mangos
i have a small family . i live alone in portland maine .
big families are nice . do you have any hobbies ?
i like to think i am a pretty good photographer . do you work ?
wow that is great ! i work as an environmental engineer . i love it .
portland is big but with a small town feel if that makes sense . and you ?
in the winter . i do a lot of hiking but more in the summer months .
yes that sounds like a great idea !
i am great thanks how are you today
awesome where are you from ?
i have family there , but i am in new england .
the land is beautiful but the people can be . . . . . . a bit much
i would not label them friendly at all .
oh do not i know it . have you been affected by recent hurricanes ? flooding ?
i like smooth jazz do you like music as well ?
i love classical music scores do you ever use those ?
i work with my two brothers .
i am an accountant . have you been there before ?
yes . i like winter but i do not like to be cold .
i do like music . what is bizarre music ?
ok . i like to listen to music while i work .
i am an accountant . what do you do ?
oh , ok . i work to much to learn new things .
hi , i have a passion for cats and cooking . how about you ?
you need a vacation . i am headed out for a cruise .
i wish my brother got off my couch to join you .
cool . i just relax with my show cats .
i have maine coon cats that i enter in competitions .
they are great and friendly cats .
i like the gray ones , so mystic .
i am great how are you today ?
i love classic , whats your favorite ?
i just stared working at mcdonald
that is much safer healthier
vacations are nice , i drive my honda civic to far away places
that seems like fun , do you have any siblings
i have four . what size car do you have
same here , what kind of music do you like ?
great thanks for asking , and you ?
rpg games on the computer and tabletop games with my friends , and you ?
i will tell you a secret i really like my co worker a crush
no , i might have an asthma attack i have used my inhaler less recently .
oh that is no fun all those blood checks and shots ?
i heard a raw food diet can cure it , have you heard that ?
i love rock , whos your fav band ?
wow , mine too never know who you are going to chat with
hi i love to cook , what is your favorite food ?
cooking pizza and sushi is my all time favorite foods
i am currently in school trying to finish up my masters in social science
i love bowling it and cooking are my favorite hobbies
wow , being a hostage must have been terrifying
i hope one day my masters in social science can help me
i might the chinese guy i get my raw sushi from may need some housework done
that would be awesome , what is one of your other favorite pass times
nope , i am a manly man . but still like as a musician miss katy perry
lets be friends . i have only few friends , i am a cannibal and hunt for my own food .
i like baking my friends into biscuits because i am so good at it .
i can sew the skins into a ice pair of skate boots . i like sewing
nice i bet you feet taste super nice , i like a well cared for foot .
i am pretty particular about my feet . do you think you can come by my house today .
that is wonderful to hear ! i am a woman of old age , but still have enjoyment
i used to when i was younger . now it is harder that i am old
i actually am into baking . i enjoy baking for my grandson
i do not . do you have any suggestions ?
that sounds lovely . i will have to try that . do you like chocolate cake ?
i would like to make you some . my grandson loves it . i use family recipes
i think so too ! my children use them as well
very good , thanks . how about you ?
i can understand that . i have kids myself , it can be a challenge .
that sounds rough ! have you ever thought of taking up hunting to help with food ?
its fun ! i am planning on taking my girls to bass pro to get a new bow soon .
i bet ! most doctors have really amazing homes .
witches , goblins , and vampires . this is my favorite time of year !
absolutely . i really hope your situation gets better financially .
what ! ! what is a harsh ?
what are you getting a degree in ?
unfortunately i have been told i only have six more months to live
well i am stuck drinking water due to my lactose allergy
what do you watch ? i love justin bieber
i am sorry that is sad . are you injured ?
well mine wo not last longer than six more months
those are very healthy activities . do you eat well ?
same here . do you have any pets ?
i never did when i was young , but now have a dog and 2 cats .
oh cool , what do you do for work ?
interesting . i am a writer and live alone . . . with my pets
they are good protection when i go for runs . what else do you do ?
that is too bad . do you like music ? my favorite is country
there are other kinds of music i like too . what else do you like to do ?
actually i am also a jazz singer
sarah . history is my favorite subject . yeara
motorcycles ? i help my dad finish dry wall .
well i like to be a technician . i am technical
no i am an rn like my mother
no way . i love anything medical or history .
i like to give people shots .
jim bean all the way .
i am grown and i love being grown .
i am great ! my dog rodger and i played ball all morning .
he is awesome . lately he has been running beside me as i ride my bike .
i do now that it is a little cooler out .
that sounds delicious ! i want some .
i do not cook much . the guys and i eat out often .
i play football , play with my dog and try to keep fit .
what type of songs do you sing ?
ah , interesting . is it enjoyable work ?
well , i would like music , i think , except i am deaf .
ha , a little bit . i am a big reader though . i love books .
sounds good . another interesting fact i have not learned how to drive a car .
true , true . do you have a favorite number ? mine is 7 .
good choice . is it nice to be retired ?
this is random but occasionally i scratch my nose for fun .
hello ! how are you ?
doing well , all things considered . . have a lot on my mind these days . .
i just got elected to my newest position and its quite a challenge ! what do you do ?
just one , or a chain of them ?
have you thought of expanding ? i used to have a several businesses before the election
you gotta think big , huge even , especially if you want to grow !
i used to have nothing ! i was bankrupt ! not now though !
hi i am doing great how are you
that is relaxing ! i go to the beach every chance i get
wow i heard boys are had to raise
lol ! i am a veterinary assistant what do you do for a living
that is intense . how do you handle that plus the kids ? i could never do that
yeah i bet . its just me and my cats so its stress free for me .
they can be a handful at times .
what kind of dog is he
like a jam band huh ?
very cool . where do you work ?
i am divorced and need a date bad . help
i have two kids though
where do you work though ?
very cool . i take care of my grandmother
just fine , it is late here in france . how are you ?
it is , my favorite thing to do is draw landscapes . what do you do ?
wow , that is incredible . i love music , but i am studying literature .
yes , i am . i live on campus and eat vegan tacos every friday . you ?
i like curry too . i put just about everything in my tacos , including curry .
i do . i do not have any , do you ?
that is a wonderful idea . if you sent me a picture i would draw it .
i do . and i love animals , which is why i am vegan .
i am just sitting here trying to get sleepy . what are you doing ?
what kind of business ? i do not work yet because i live with my parents .
wow that sounds like a good job . my mom works for the grocery store . dad is dead .
yes i can imagine . are you southern ? my home state is alabama but i live in tn .
oh how cool ! the horses are gorgeous . i love animals . i have seen the easter bunny !
easter bunny only comes once a year . but you could take bets on game of thrones !
i am watching game of thrones now . i love that show .
as long as he does not sing sweet home alabama . i cannot stand that song .
i am good and you today ?
did you do really good
you should become a dr . pepper
then you can be pepper md
yeah that does sound delicious
me too let us cook
it is up to you yeah
wow i am pretty shy in most parts , and i enjoy the beatles
its not bad , i enjoy eating veggies and allergic to peanut products
wow that is awesome . i have a time getting along with family .
they think i have issues when i do not and have a hard time telling them that
i have trouble getting along with family .
i have they do not listen at all .
i have , sorry , just annoyed when they do this to me .
all because i refuse to be treated any way they want me to be .
not too bad , how about yourself ?
that sounds nice . what do you like to do for fun ?
it must be nice to love what you do . my family is most important to me
i am happily married with children
you barely even know me though
you should be more concerned with finding a partner than just a marriage
well if you say you are just out for marriage , it seems like you will marry anyone
i feel very happy , my dog is keeping me company .
that is too bad . i would be worried sick if my fluffy pants got sick .
oh my , you must be beside yourself . i do hope she gets better .
i always say the wrong things . i am sorry for your loss . . i mean . .
i am never know the right things to say to this kind of news .
i hope she does not party and drink like the rest of them .
i never drink . some say it might loosen me up but i do not think so .
i get too self conscious as it is . only place i let loose is singing in the shower .
love to fifi , enjoy the rest of her days to the fullest .
i am about to sleep
you just said i was late ?
you from the east cost then
is it getting warm there ?
you mean the garden you planted ?
i am a meat eater
you born as vegetarian from your mother womb ?
i see . i cannot dance may be too much meat ?
i am doing well . just dropped my 18 year old son to the movies . and you ?
just volunteer work . mainly signing petitions and dog walking .
i do . mainly making posters and whatnot for animal rights group . and you ?
i do ! sucker for italian food . lol
lol . . . i can say the same as well . what do you do for your free time ?
that would be wonderful , thank you
i am fantastic . i just bought a new ergonomic keyboard and chair . its comfortable .
they are amazing ! i am really into the science of ergonomics . how are you today ?
i bet you are tired . i like to take long naps after working out . you ?
cats have the right idea , i am telling you . start off slow and taper off .
no ! no diets for me . i have some new shoes and they are begging for a hike .
i am a woman who cruses every trail and then sleeps like a baby at night .
nice talking to you , too . maybe i will nap before my hike .
good . whats your favorite type of music ?
maybe i will travel to your farm ; i love seeing new places
well in my home country most of the land is farmed also
you are in the wrong business then . do you like to ski ?
yes i love swishing down a big mountain
nice . i am pescatarian myself but i miss a nice steak
bacon is what i miss the most though
hi . . how are you . . how was your weekend ? ?
went for a dance practice . .
folk and western most of the times . . some times robotic
i have been doing it since i was 13
i am a thin short guy . .
i read a lot . . lot of books
catch 22 by joseph heller . . its a great one
i am great , you ? hows the weather out there ?
sunset on the beach , through the trees , across waving fields of grain ?
no , just playing with words . but i am a grand master at chess .
i bet i could beat you ; i have never been beaten by anyone . wanna play ?
after this chat we will have to try to get together .
highest speed in the west . although i live in the midwest . ll
wow , that stinks , i am so sorry . lol
just kidding . that is cool . i play music on the side
electric violin . and alot of imagine dragons , i love them .
nice ! what do you o for work ?
awesome . i am an accountant .
i am learning how to garden . you ?
cool . you really love them .
hello , i am so worried about my crazy sister
sounds good ! she has joined a freaking cult aint heard from her in yearssss
my dad is annoyed , he is a member of the communist party
really ? how is that ? scary ?
hey i do not either . . . . . i like to crack jokes my family is weird lol
my dad is not apart of that anymore you know
you really do not i am a professional
are people intimidated by you ?
oh . well what is wrong then ?
that is because it is typically covered with pesticides and preservatives .
i feel like writing a story about you , would you mind ?
i would use a different adjective but okay . thank you !
this is getting better and better .
are you on any medication ?
i think it could be beneficial for you .
hi , and my cat majora says hello . i am a waitress at the moment
that is amazing . going to school for nursing just like my mother .
very commendable job . although , i like being alone and nursing wo not let you lol
that sounds great ! where are you from ?
from hawaii but moved to new york .
in astoria queens actually . have you been ?
oh that is great . all i can say is that you can never get bored in nyc
good , how about you ? my name is mary , i live in colorado .
no , but the band i like most is one direction . how about you ?
i wish i played an instrument , i like to hike in the summer months .
that would be an awesome job , how long have you played piano ?
its so cold here , but so nice in the spring . i really love skiing
i am a ski instructor , actually . do you give piano lessons ?
very well thank you ! and you ? i am getting out of painting class
i visted an ikea this weekend . in art school we took a tour
was it good or bad ? i wish they had more art work there
that is terrible ! and it is like a maze in there so you cannot escape
wow i bet . are you a blonde ? i am so maybe that is why
i bet your dad is more than an aspiring artist like me
good thinking ! i better get back to my art soon
way better than my 100 !
i am tired , school all day .
sometimes . but only when i work late .
only in elevators . my cats hate that kind of music .
do you have any pets ?
hmm , that is what i am going to school for .
well my unicycle is purple , so i guess purple .
no . i am volunteering . i told you that
you are not even vegan , i am now . you just want me to do you
well . . . i am proud . . . shut up . you are cute , but you stink like meat
help with tours at the urban farm . quit eating meat and maybe we can talk
yeah my mother is mexican and my father is canadian , quit eating meat
ok . but no dairy ! its like . . . umm . . . bile !
well . . . hajime no ippo , the end is great
i am good how are you
i clean a lot of homes , but i need the money
i am ryan and it is nice to meet you
i am not in school are you
i imagine you are i am so busy too
i just work on my wood work and make couches and stuff
i understand that my dad was a cop and always had paper worl
pretty good , we picked up my sons seeing eye dog today !
oh my twin sister jessica is obsessed with those .
noah , did you make it ?
i meant the robot , lol .
that was five words , otherwise it would not have sent .
they told me when i became a pilot that it would be like this . . .
i am thankful for his service . i wish i could send him some fried chicken .
hey jake . just got done eating . ready to put my feet up .
i will brb i got to go have a smoke
well i watch it with you if you got that coffee made i bring the liquor
well i go to church and reincarnated sounds insane right
pastor tells me go to a concert though i rather go relax at the zoo
sounds fun . brb got to go smoke and grab a drink .
trying to get help though health care high . ease my mind over music
no work here . congrats to your mother on the job . will cook you up great meatloaf .
i am getting sleepy and my back kind of hurts from this chair .
nope . i am at home watching the office . what are you doing ?
sounds like a party . what is your favorite type of food . mine is mexican .
gosh , all i have had today is like six gummy bears and some scotch .
who said it was a meal ? what kind of work do you do ?
i work with animals and i am also a student studying global affairs .
yes , i have a zoo of animals at home . all different types .
that is cute . birds are so cool . how old is your bird ?
hello george my name is pink
oh live in cali . so are you single married ect ?
okay cool so do you drive ?
so what kind of car do you have ?
sounds nice i have a nice european car which i like
that sounds good i like sausage too
ok nice talking to you
great ! you ? my , son is ten ,
great ! i left hs in 1986 . you ?
great ! i want to teach music . you an author or just read books ?
hmmm . i teach financial business classes . you ?
get out ! me too !
oh i thought i had lost you . soon i will retire .
great ! i play music and video games . you sing ?
oh okay . 1986 was a good year for me .
hi ! i am doing pretty good . going to work on brewing my beer tonight . how about you ?
working at a gas station sounds interesting . what do you do for fun ?
exciting ! my partner does not like sports so we do not watch much .
i brew beer and make my own coffee .
me too ! we had to skip a vacation this year because of buying the house .
what is your other job ?
that sounds interesting . do you go door to door ?
where do you usually travel ?
hi i am sander . i honestly have not done anything since highschool , so this is new to me
sounds like me . people in school said i was quiet . . but i was just angry
oh how nice , i usually just go play games in the arcade but still that sounds fun
you should listen to linking park , i still do and i do not know why
nice . what color is it ?
i love the color black
no , what do they sya
i am only 22 so i would not know
i love kids , but not for me
i just started working with kids in school
wow that is a lot must be expensive
i got a new place to live close to work
i can only imagine that would be hard
yeah they are all right i have not been to a lot
is that what you do for a living
great how are you this evening ?
really ? i used to skydive but then found out about my urinary cancer
are you on a low carb diet ? i got into it to help with my health
that is amazing ! i am big into athletics to tone my body to be a male model in hollywood
i saw them in hollywood ! i was eating with will ferrell and he got me tickets !
i found out he is a huge fan of classical jazz just like i am . . its crazy
good . i do not know . but i am not very healthy . you ?
i weigh 300 pounds . it is probably because i like sweets and sodas
i should , but i am told i am a stubborn man
i should but candy is so good
farms are nice . i like fresh sausage
i would love that . do you have soda ?
that sounds good . what else do you like ?
i am great , just had transitional surgery
so far so good . what are you up to ?
cool what kind of dog do you have ?
cool what kind of dog do you have ?
i live in detroit michigan
i live in detroit michigan
i live in detroit michigan
my day is great ! i love pizza myself ! where do you work ?
that is cool ! i work for the government . do you like sports ?
i like baseball a lot more than football . who is you favorite driver ?
my favorite baseball player is mike trout , but my favorite team is the nationals !
the beach life seems pretty great from my experience .
pizza and baseball is my life .
where do you work ?
a government agency . i am not sure if i am allowed to talk about it further though .
i am thinking about what to do , i dropped out of college barely a month ago .
life is rough now , i live in my foreign car just outside los angeles
my heart goes out to you , i feel your pain . remember the good things .
i met my girlfriend on the beach , my brother says i am a hopeless romantic .
yes i love watching hbo
i like romantic ones , i am a die hard believer of love .
i took a cooking course in college right before i dropped out last month .
what is wrong ? i usually only stay in bed for a long time when raining !
so sorry to hear that ! do you have any hobbies you can still do ?
haha , no kids here ! i love taking pics , photography of all sorts !
i definitely would , i spend a little too much money on it in fact !
well , the money i save by using candles instead of electricity helps !
sorry you are so sick ! i hope you get better soon !
hello , please be patient as i have terrible social anxiety
i am a geology major . what school are you attending ?
nice . i go to au . do you like to party ?
i have never drank before . do you like football ?
me too ! i never miss a alabama game .
nice ! go orange , go alabama ! ! !
yes , but only in my home with my family due to my anxiety .
awe thank you so much for the understanding
i am doing wonderful . my name is emma . how about you ?
i do not have any , sadly . do you ?
cute ! my father owns bees as pets , but i am allergic to them .
thankfully ! i actually recently moved to grand rapids in michigan to be a nurse
its hard work but its worth it to see happy healthy faces in the hospital
childrens ward , actually . i have a fondness towards helping kids .
thank you . what do you do ?
pretty good how are you
so are you a smoker ?
i used to be i quit a few years back
my new hobby is piercings
10 and you ?
me and my buddies do them as a group
hey i am good . how is your week going ?
i love horses , i grew up in a farm with 8 brothers
yeah , my parents are in their 80s so gotta help out
what do you do for a living ?
that must be nice ! i am jealous !
i am also retired , actually used to race horses , i am only 5 feet
yes , but also dangerous , lots of injuries
where are your vacation homes ?
i am doing okay this morning having my coffee and getting ready for zumba
i just started it to support a friend and love it . three jobs sounds rough
that is horrible how do you keep going and not get burnt out
mustangs are nice i am a dodge person
that is funny . does your son like dragon ball z
oh yeah sounds about right . i collect their action figures when i am not getting rocks
hello ! do you ever listen to drake ?
he is the musical equivalent of jesus
lol poor thing . you are missing out . do you play an instrument ?
food is my only friend
i like to eat out but my life passion is cooking
i actually like to cook while i perform the music of drake on my drumset
thank you d i can teach you if you would like
we can do a performance for your parents !
i am pretty good . just finished washing my ford . you ?
i have a cat . she has been with me through three wives , haha .
for sure . are you married ?
you are funny . i also have one daughter , and a gun collection for any boyfriends .
yup . what kind of work do you do from home ?
sounds like a great job . i work for a christmas shop .
nope , it does not help that i do not like christmas much .
i really have to go . i have to pick up my kid .
i am okay , just tired . got back from a long run . how are you ?
what kind of book ? i seem to only read cooking books
i have pressure to read that from friends . is it good ?
makes sense from what i have heard . what else do you like to do ?
i love having my grays dyed back blonde . i only grow herbs inside for cooking
yum , great for a sandwich !
i know some people like that but i would rather have salsa ! what is your favorite color ?
i am fine just cleaning up from being in my garden . how are u
aww i miss those days band and scouts , sadly my kids are grown
nice i love to cook but now its just me and the fur babies
i have felix the cat and emmy the terrier my pride and joys at home
i do photography nothing big time but its fun
i love sears always good sales there
photography took years to grasp so you too can get your dreams
never give up just never . . i wish i gotten into it sooner
hi how are you ! ?
i am great ! my favorite color is purple .
i just got off work from the coffee shop and i am tired .
i am going to school for teaching . its what my parents do .
grunge . i am actually in a band with my sister .
i have got homework to do . bye !
i am out of school and still at a stand still .
no , i do nothing except play arcade games .
no , i like those names . mine could be quiet mouse
no but i do listen to shows
no , linkin park is what i listen to
nope , it is like i have all thumbs .
have a dog so i do get exercise walking him .
like the oldies especially the musicals .
oh no ! i think i will go for a walk instead . i love the woods .
maybe we will see some animals . i prefer to see them in person than on tv .
oh no . there is probably a ted talk to help you with that . i watch so many .
maybe you take your work home too much .
if you think you have too many you can sell some . then go on some walks .
i will look at the list of ted talks . . . maybe there is one about that .
i have no opinion about holidays . i do like rudolph .
i think we can get along then . i love watching animals and eating them too .
do you like nature ? i do a lot .
i have been thinking a lot about it . i want to work for the smithsonian someday .
i love it but do not play any . i listen every day .
i love mexican food most .
i love it . do you like winter ? i hate it and its coming .
what does that have to do with winter ? i know little about it .
that does make sense to me .
i like different genres . how about you ?
nice . i listen to rock when i run my two miles every morning . do you run
that is nice . my interest in politics might allow me to travel someday .
awesome . working at a candy store i deal with children . its annoying .
they do ! they are worse than the football team in college !
that is cool . yeah playing football during college was rough .
my diet is my iron
can you is my favorite vegetable
my two children they are for under 10
i am housewife and i m into adam living
yeah definitely i stayed home
i have my lovely two cats
so cool do you like them
cool cool and that s so great
hello ! how are you today ?
i volunteer at the aspca , and i am in a coffee club . you ?
oh how nice . whats your favorite genre ?
do you write as a career now ?
bummer . got to make time for those passions , though .
i love animals .
they are cute , but i find cats more to my liking . i love all animals though .
not a joke but i sell oil . snakeskin oil . . it is a kitschy product .
i travel a ton and see many , many hotels .
my favorite hotels are the old ones like in psycho .
great movie . every town i visit , i have to go to costco . weird , huh ?
not much . just like to watch . i don like interacting much , in person .
no b c of allergies . my free time is spent looking at clouds and daydreaming .
they are cut . i look at them in the distance and smile .
finding a new job that is not a dead end . and ciscos .
oh i hope he comes for you ! i am the worlds greatest auntie ! hello !
they do ! i am also in my senior year in graduate school . you ?
yoga is fun . i love taking long trips to the beach to play !
animal whisperer , how cool ! favorite cuisine ?
i enjoy eating and cooking all italian foods ! !
i do enjoy my travels , you need to go sometime !
hey good evening , i am so busy on the weekends the kids
who does ? your kids do ? cool
lol are they pro models ? we visit in the mountains how cool
awe its okay they love you if they need a lawyer i am your girl
oh really how ? i have a big suv lets load them up
oh no i bet you got in trouble ! ! !
you did oh no were the kids there ? i have 3 an 3 pups
yes it would of been .
ok , i am playing halo 3 anyway . so basically , i am a loser .
i sing taylor swift in the shower ! ! look what you made me do ! !
i almost wrecked on my moped jamming out to her songs . .
no likey the swift ? he needs a swift kick in the . . .
if you ever track me down for revenge . . . i am the guy who cant look you in the eye
i used to be . but some witch turned me into a stupid male human .
that is why i just play halo 3 . stay inside , its safer .
yeah , i just learned how to use my thumbs . so its swift and thumbs
i am good . just got done teaching a yoga class .
sure . i also am health conscious . i watch what i eat .
do you have any hobbies ?
i love watching romantic comedies .
i also like writing poetry .
i only do it when i have time though . i stay busy .
what do you do for a living ?
oh , that is pretty cool .
do not be sad everything will be okay .
there is a lot of fish in the sea . you will meet someone new .
its good to put all your emotions into your artwork .
yeah i do . my dad actually owns a family owned appliance store .
what about a laptop , do you have one ? maybe you can watch it on that .
oh no , my dad plans on passing the family business on to me .
yeah . do you have any hobbies . i absolutely love running marathons .
of course . i am watching a ton of foreign films on netflix .
hey i am doing pretty good how are you
aww i have 2 dogs and a lizard . i want to be a vet
you should if you can . do you like working out
yeah i am dieting and working out so i can lose weight
yeah i am learning about the discipline part now
yeah the food was the hardest part for me .
i am still in high school
school can be boring sometimes
that sounds nice . i suppose i do dance , i am in a band . you ?
oh , do you play an instruments ?
that is cool . no i am not married . do you like coffee ?
the dog ? i am sorry . do you like sea food ?
the dog is blind i am sorry . a little bit yeah . do you go on vacations ?
no , i do not . have you ever been to michigan ?
oh i see . i go to lake michigan every summer
yes ! i am pam and i have two kids . what about you ?
wow that is a big achievement . my husband is a pastor .
doing what ? my contributing is selling clothes on facebook .
animals are very important . we have two dogs at our house .
wow that is very awesome . i give my money to a maid because i hate cleaning
i get mine every day .
it helps with my two kids who are 3 and 11
i am very lucky so i do appreciate it
i am more a country than city
oh , is that so ? i both like red and blue either
that is cool . do you own pets
i got 2 different dogs , even dogs ?
bulldog and pitbull , and i love them
i went just nearby the house
wild child i was before
wow , do you like what you are doing ?
hello there yes everything is just fine here thanks
i am a american my ancestors came from italy and germany
so do you like nature ? i do i like to observe nature
so what do you do for work ?
i like to work on cars its fun
do you have any hobbies ?
i like anything having to do with tech stuff very fun
yeah some fast paste ones i do
i love animals . that is why i do not eat meat .
i work at best buy .
i drive a bronco to best buy .
i got my red hair from my grandma . i loved her very much .
it is . it makes me think of eggplants . i love to make roasted eggplant .
i have not had a frosty since i went vegan . i miss them , though .
i make a very good vegan quesadilla .
having a ball here in pa , how about you ?
no job now i make movies and have my sights set on hollywood
woah ! you must be brave . i have never flown actually
i should invite your whole family to dinner and film the party
would she fly in ?
great ! i have always wanted to make a film with dogs as main characters
hi ! i am good . just watching some football . you ?
sounds boring . what do you teach ?
that is good . do you have any pets ?
i love animals ! i enjoy going to volunteer with them .
that would be good . it is very rewarding . my wife does it too .
it would . in the military we mentored autistic kids .
i would be happy to help . i enjoy learning new things .
how old is your son ?
hello , how are you ? i am getting ready for a kayaking trip , i love kayaking !
haha , to each their own . whats your favorite meal ?
crab dipped in butter , with a bit of lemon on top ; reminds me of childhood .
i also love flying model airplanes till this day ; that reminds me of childhood too .
i enjoy running six miles a day
i used to think that way too , but that runners high !
haha i love it , peter is my man .
hello how are you ?
were are you from ?
i live in canada at this time .
i do like it here it is cheaper than other places .
i am a artist . and what do you do ?
do you have children ? i have 2 .
do you have another hobby besides wine ? lol
i am doing great . no class today ! how are you ?
awesome did you have deep dish pizza and see the statue of liberty ?
what did you do in the big apple ?
i would like to visit once i graduate .
i am a junior at stanford . is your mom a professor in the us ?
that is an honorable profession . what do you do ?
sweet . how many kids do you have ?
16 is a fun age . is she driving yet ?
mmm . . . i am kind of a lone wolf
oh wow ! what genre ?
haha like smutty novels ?
wow ! that is fortunate . do not have a job yet but obsessed with skateboarding
me too ! i try to express myself through my style
yeah i just dyed my hair blue and orange . . . pretty rad
yeah i do not care about my reputation that much
oh my skin looks good so it is a good day .
oh yes i do . it will help me be famous one day .
i like soccer but do not have time with being actress and cashier .
i like that but i have to work at grocery store to support me .
i do not have time . but with not cooking at all i might can .
vegetables , and little meat . got to take care of this skin .
yes but i love meat .
my days going great just catching up on some football on tv . how about you ?
hear that ! just got out of work myself , i drove my big truck home .
heck yea i do ! my favorite is country music
yes i do , do you like to hunt ?
that is alright . what about football ?
what other hobby are you in to ?
i am good i do not have pets what about you
so cute where do you live
canada but my family is from japan
that is no fun get out and see the world
yeah maybe do you like mcdonalds their fries are the best
do you like to shop i love shopping
oh no that is sad you should at least get a work from home job
i am a bit sore but it is ok . i am a financial adviser . how are you ?
sounds good . just working out . i eat meat . how about you ?
i like red meat the most . i cook steak every other weekend .
i have a black subaru sedan . i love that car .
you like rap music ? i listen to a lot of rap music
well i do not have a particular person i like
i also like movies
hi . i am alright . what do you like to do ? i am a writer .
i hear you . i run a bit , to help clear my head . run along the beach .
yeah . getting outdoors is important . even just sitting in the grass .
nice . does she teach english , or writing ? i often write in my backyard .
haha . funny . . . maybe i should incorporate a clown into my story .
could . but you gotta sign over the rights ! are you happy with just fame ?
i am just writing a story . nothing sold to a network yet , lol . just sayin .
hello how are you today ?
that is nice , i lost my car keys
yeah , i seem to loose my keys alot
do you like a dish called lutefisk , it is the best in the world
sweden , i recently moved here
yes it does , where are you from ?
i am from chicago but i moved to sweden
pretty awesome , i hike alot
i work at a beautiful upscale restaurant , you ?
i am hiring , i hate my boss though .
yes you would , trust me . who is the rasta guy with dreads people love ?
not realy i just do a lot with my family i am babysitting this week .
why not ? i want to party soon when i party i party !
oh i gotcha , we help each other in mine it is a must .
yea that is how we were taught to be
is your dad crazy really or just frustrated ?
i am doing pretty well . weathers cooling off . you ?
oh yeah ? are you near the hurricane ?
not at all . we will maybe get a little of the rain , but it wo not be bad .
absolutely , i love the fall . halloween is my favorite holiday . do you like the fall ?
me too ! we like to go apple picking this time of year .
i like cooking exotic foods .
yes , anything new or interesting
do you watch a lot of tv ?
i am indeed , just finished writing in my diary
that is sad . i would love to be able to do fancy writing , like cursive
you should try thinking positively ! i hope something interesting will happen to me every day
i do . i would like to go traveling though .
yes , but they live in iceland . i would love to live there with them
i think cold winters are the best ! what do you do in your spare time ?
do you listen to music ?
i like a variety of music , some would say a strange mix
tommorrow i have a football game ,
i play college football , linebacker
uconn , 2 year , and high school as well
what about going to the gym
you do not what your missing , i love exercising
sound like a good plan to me
uh hi ? and i am not sure i am in limbo on what i am doing in life
right , i am sure it will . i am work at a grocery store right now , you ?
just your own ? i also part time bounce in the evening at a rock club
that is pretty cool , kind of thrifty
i agree , any hobbies outside of all that ?
so you enjoy it enough to do full time like that ? i draw , often comics
i also crochet , i have an online site
its an etsy store , if you look up stunning crochet . partnered with my mother
i like fishing , if you consider that a sport . how about you ?
do you like animals ?
i like dogs . i have two of them . what makes you happy ?
what did your dad do ?
were you and your father close ?
my father was a car salesman . he sold a lot of cars
i fish with my dogs all day
what do you do with the gamblers ?
i am doing great ! just getting ready to cook on the grill .
i work as a roofer , its hard work
that is why i am going to enjoy a nice steak and beer now
i bet ! you can come over , i have plenty of steak for everyone
great ! i hope you like your steak well done
yeah i guess . i would pick you up but i only have my truck
nice you go on road trips ? where have you gone ?
nice talking to you too ! see you later !
ca not complain , or at least not too much ! how about you ?
i have never driven a car , but i like mustangs .
what are you thinking about buying ?
cars can be very expensive . are you buying new or used ?
i like to splurge on tattoos . i am thinking about getting another one soon .
only three . my mom does not really like them , but its my body .
i am doing well today , what do you do professionally ?
i like to spend time with my family whenever i can
that is understandable , i am actually married with two lovely children
because of my daughters i studied to be a pediatrician
they were premature , the doctors were amazing with the whole family
it really is . what do you like to do in your spare time ?
that is very fun , when i can i like to go to the lanes and bowl .
i do , i bring my family along , the girls love to bowl . do you own any pets ?
oh , that is cool . i surf a lot .
i work as a nurse . you ?
oh , neat . my son is obsessed with trains .
i do not cook very much .
cooking is just too much work after a long day !
i have a lot of them . maybe metallica .
what is your favorite band ?
oh , i have not heard of them . are you married ?
why do you say that ?
you should draw do you ?
just do both then no problem
i will do it more then
what do you like to eat ?
you should be a pro pizza eater
those both sound disgusting really
yeah you should tell them to quit it
just boring studying and looking over client files all weekend . how are you ?
i am a receptionist for a doctors office so i am stuck in the office all week .
i also study radiology so i am a full time student at a local college
i am mary but i do not have a little lamb . just a dog named elvis
drawing of ponies ? no real pets ?
but i bet you and her and a few other people have hair ?
animals are great . we should all have lots of pets .
i work and i am a full time student but i still find time for my dog
hello ! how are you today ?
i like to read . i am a student .
oh how wonderful . comic books are a wonderful example of modern literature . so accessible .
i sometimes volunteer at the library , but otherwise no . unless locating new taco stands counts , haha !
right ? ! i love the crunchy ones with chicken . and extra hot salsa . nomnem
who would not be . we do not have taco where i come from . not like here .
no but i like art i created
i m home all guys are usually go to the garden to work
so blue i think the band that i like is mean
that your favorite past time to read the
what do usually do for fun
no i just got to the garden because i m old
wow how fast do usually go
do usually go that fast
but was it a toyota truck ?
oh , for work ? i have never driven one .
that is unfortunate , i hate when i have to work long hours .
every single night ? i work at a clinic and they might be my next patients .
have you voted recently ? i have
me too . i want less taxes to buy a new truck .
that is good . keep up the great work .
i am doing really well today how are you ?
that is good , i prefer sports myself as a workout . baseball is my life !
i do like the socs . not a fan of football though
i just made the baseball team for my college . will be the starting shortstop .
i am 19 and still in school . scientist sounds interesting .
oh , i see . a lot of free time then . i see .
i cannot find any nice girls , that is why i stick to baseball
doing good . enjoying the wide open space of my land .
well i like to grow food and have a good local supply .
yellow roses if the 10 alpacas i have do not eat them .
my home is on 5 acres so i have room to grow red and yellow roses
ahh . so you are a music lover .
great , i keep busying on the land but also find time to be on the city council .
my mom was a bookkeeper for a small rv store .
and what do you do ?
hello , i am great thank you . of course i have , i teach fourth grade !
audio books are nothing to sneeze at . that is how i got through mob dick
i love the ocean ! my parents are from japan .
i go at least twice a year , on school breaks . i bring back things for my students .
viva las vegas ! my daughter is an elvis fan too .
she goes from one extreme to another . she is also a metalhead
not much , just spending time with the fam . you ?
what movie ? i am exhausted . we all went mountain climbing this morning .
oh i love that movie . it would be fun to chase tornadoes
my dad used to take me hunting . one day i wanna take my 2 girls
mine are too , for now . what do ya do for a living ?
i am a stay at home mom . but hubby works for telecom
its fine ! its nice here in the big city !
i really like video games , they are a lot of fun .
i really like being a teacher , its very rewarding .
i think magic mike is a movie i like a lot , uh , because of the music .
sometimes , when i watch magic mike , i sing , my friends love it . . . oh , i enjoy polka .
polka helps me concentrate on movies .
hey ! no i do not , i am still in college
radiology ! i work at a doctors office now , getting a feel for the whole thing
its fun but stressful ! but oh i am assuming you are good with kids !
that must be a real challenge ! the most i worry about is studying and paperwork !
what do you do for a living ?
oh right , you mentioned that , that sounds nice though
i know people here at school that major in that ! i would not be opposed to it
i am well , how are you ?
that is nice , i have to go to work later . i work at a restaurant on the weekends
i love dining out but it gets expensive . that is why i have a second job
yes only saturday night . my husband st
my husband stays with kids onthe weekend . then i work m f at my other job
i also take online classes . what is your favorite disney movie ?
lol . . . i cannot wait till summer vacation so i can go to the beach
my favorite beach in this area is jones beach . it is about 2 hours from me
good morning ! i am a plumber , its a 24 7 type thing , lol
i feel you . i live in a multi cultural community , i can speak four languages
lol , no . i am a mom . my son is in th and boy scouts . i am too busy .
i bet it does not . do you have any other hobbies ?
i do celebrity impressions . my clients love it .
lady gaga , lol . i love her music . freaks my kid out too .
i do not like country . i prefer metal .
yes i am here . tell me about yourself !
okay magic what do you do for work ? i am a receptionist for a lawyer
you should go where women are like the nail salon . i get mines done every saturday
ha ! maybe try the wrestling world . i love watchin we secretly
hey there is just as much drama on both so i do not blame ya .
but then there is the nifty screenshot nowadays so you cant deny it
talking about ppl on the internet . screenshots proof lol cant deny anything
just watching a movie with my girlfriend , you ?
my older brother loves video games , but i do not really play them myself .
i love all kinds . and i really like pink , because she has pink hair like me !
the bookstore i work for in the city just got a new book about them .
my girlfriend and i met there . i am thinking of proposing there too .
thank you ! i hope she says yes .
snakes . they freak me out . where are their arms and legs ? !
hello i am great how are you
i love fall because of the pumpkin
in the summer i like to swim
yes i love the beach and tacos
that sounds delicious and makes me hungry
no i do not i stay busy with my cats
that is so very sweet
me to it is so slow
i do sing but not very good . do you have pets ?
i dance and love desserts , brownies are my weakness
my son writes scary stories but not me .
i used to teach but now with the military .
1 daughter , 3 sons and i love to garden . fruit trees also . yes i drive
i will only be rich if i win the lottery .
i love all country music especially blake shelton .
hello from a small town in canada !
i enjoy american marathons and basketball .
yes , i am . do you play any sports
what do you like to do when you are outside ?
that is good . can not beat good fresh air .
i am trying to make money running marathons .
you got that right ! what grade do you teach ?
that is a fun age . how many kids are in your class ?
i hope you have a good night too .
know any way i can make some money , really quick with not a lot of work ?
excellent idea ! i will have to post on craigs list . do you play the stock market ?
i wish i knew how to play it . got any tips ?
if only i could invent an algorithm that would make me a millionaire .
no time for sports . gotta make money . maybe i should make websites for people .
no time for music either . gotta make money . too old to learn to code . boring .
heard of it , heard its really good . if i had the price of a ticket , i would go .
that lin manuel miranda . what a hottie ! un puertorriqueno caliente !
i just got back from seeing the beastie boys in concert .
i went to nyc once to listen to a symphony .
yes it was , my dream job would be a museum curator , and you ?
now i paint houses , but now for long .
yes , i am but i still have two more years to go
but the cost of school is so high .
yea that is what my mom says as well
fellow there how are you ?
what kind of work do you do ?
i am an electrion for now .
i like running do yo u like running ?
ah yes , i do see people in wheelchairs doing completive races like runners
do you like hamburgers , i love them ?
i am doing great , how about you ?
i am traveling right now because i just retired from being a newspaper reporter .
no , there is nowhere to put it in my condo .
i live in los angeles .
its pretty good . i do not need glasses .
i have blonde hair and a large mustache .
oh , having a mustache is great .
no , if you have pets they demand all your attention , not very zen
oh , i already came with someone to love when i was born five minutes before my sister !
well , we have some similarities , like we both like chocolate , but more differences
oh wow ! i have a eunice in my classroom . is she in 6th grade ?
haha , no , probably not her then .
oh cool . hey ! would you like to come to my yoga class tomorrow ?
hello i am home eating strawberries
hi will i go by sam for short
awesome i live by the beach and love to go
oh no . i only have cats
i do not eat meat
no i do not i stay busy
yes i am and love fruit
wow that sounds delicious i want one
going well . hows your day ?
what are you studying for ?
awesome . are you in the us ?
in san antonio . go spurs .
beautiful . nice and sunny , great for walks .
is there a chance for meatballs .
i love meatballs and cheese .
really great . just glad that i do not have to work at del taco today
i love french fries too much . i develop them
you must be very talented . i use a bike for exercise
sometimes i take pictures of my beautiful french fries
that is cool . what do you do for fun ?
i hate caring about people . one time i fell up some stairs
i am pretty clumsy . it was the whole flight
no thank goodness . that would have been humiliating
hi there , why is your mom in the hospital . i am just watching sports .
i hope she will be ok . do you like sports ?
what happened ? what is your fav . car you like mine is ferrari .
wow really seems you and your family have had a bad couple years .
what do you like to do ?
we all need that i work out for that reason
yeah it is my escape zone for sure . is your mom getting better ?
that sucks . is your dad around or just you and her .
i do not have any children .
no , i am a single woman .
i play a lot of chess in my free time .
i do not do it that often but enjoy it .
i drink a horrifying amount of mountain dew
i drink at least four a day .
what do you think of fun colored hair ?
mine is pink with purple highlights , i just did it .
okay , we will make this quick then .
you are lucky he makes so much money so you do not have to work !
i am glad i do not have those memories . . .
yeah , well i am not a 6 year old boy . i am a 32 year old woman .
as a creative writer , what do you expect ? cats are my life !
if that is a creative way of saying climate change , then yes , i agree !
i baked a wedding cake for this weekend .
ha , well i bake for a living . so when youre off your diet . let me know !
sure thing pal . do you watch plays ?
yes ! i go to the theater once a month .
its a wonderful relaxing activity .
37 . i spend my evenings walking the paths at the park .
it is a good way to wind down at the end of a long day .
so far so good . i just finished eating dessert . how about you ?
do they serve blue jello there ?
mmmm i like chocolate anything . ll . my whole family has red hair . what about yours ?
i work from home . what type of work did you do before you retired ?
have you looked into anything online and do you have quick recipe for asparagus soup ?
i do not like eating asparagus but i love cream based soups ?
what types of themes did you use in your interior designs ?
could you design a room around the color of blue jello ?
i do not understand but my name is jim . just a cripple
i am a vegan what about you
really . i do not have too much friends . one got me car before .
nasty . i love winter . how are they in that season
vitamin c helps me rid my cold then . but they make me sick
yes it is i am just old
really . how old are you if you do not mind saying
wow i am 36 . well i must go . talk later ok .
i am doing great . and you ?
what are you doing on the weekends ?
i wait tables on the weekends and sell real estate during the week
although i am extremely busy i always looking for love
has to like mcdonald , it is my guilty pleasure
i am unique . do you have friends ?
you have close friends to share with ?
i have a close circle of friends too . i would do anything for them
ironic you ask . i do . i am a tarot reader .
no , chicago . small world , huh ?
really ? it seems to be the opposite here . a lot of skeptics .
interesting indeed . i teach middle school . i see a variety of people .
i sing for my church and i love clothes
that sounds like fun . but i do not like seafood .
do you have a lot of friends ? i do not have many .
i am more of a quiet and shy person
that sounds like a lot of fun
what do you do for a living ?
i have seven kids . u ?
do you have any hobbies ?
i wish i could get out more
i stay home taking care of the kids
yes he is a cop
good to know i m the only child girl
no i have not but i am nancy
well i just want to listen to my favorite song
the barbie girl song because i m into barbies
do you like doing that
and you usually fight for it
i just spent time with my family and friends
hello to my fellow earthlings . how is everyone ?
that is awesome other kids call me bubblegum ! !
i was a wired kid plotting to take over the world a total egomaniac
yes i even like to sing in the shower . how about you ?
maybe you need to try some different music to help
sounds like a good plan for your kids to help
no but my brother and i have long red hair
i am good ! just taking a break from reading , how are you ?
sounds awesome , i do not have a grill at uni
holy crap . how did you know that
man . . . my super ability is an allergy to nuts
my allergy is what prompted me to work on my biology degree .
there is always time , what is stopping you ?
2 years , i go part time while working . you should look at a community college
i do not . sometimes i feel like a kid !
as long as your under 50 , i would say you are doing good !
you sound like a fun parent ! i like playing video games . . . halo 3 . . .
i prefer to stay at home . . . i do not really do well with people in public
wow , that would be such an achievement ! you are more outgoing than me !
i do not have any other hobbies other than gaming but i do like to sing
yes , i love it when its a bit cooler
my dad hates the winter , he works for ups . so outside a lot !
he is just so used to it now i guess . he always wakes me up
i am looking for a job at the moment
its been a while not , not sure what kind of job i want
i like to paint , so maybe something creative . what do you do ?
how cool ! apples are pretty good . just wish they came in purple
hi , i am doing really well . you ?
nice . i used to have a small garden too , but my dog coco kept digging in it
hmm , i do not have a favorite band currently
yes , but i am not a huge fan
that is cool . i prefer gaming honestly
my favorite is league of legends . otherwise , any type of action game
totally ! that is where my love of gaming started
hello ! i like rock and roll , dude ! what about you , man ?
please stand up ! please stand up ! you would totally get along with my brothers .
that is all they listen to . one of them is a dj .
dude , that is awesome ! maybe i will grow a beard too , if my job allows it .
i am a chemist . on second thought , a beard might not be a good idea for me . . .
my parents sort of forced me into college . i would have been a drummer .
i agree . and then i could have grown a beard !
generally , unless you are a famous drummer . they make bank !
i am good how are you ?
well i am really wanting to get a ferret . do you like animals ?
awesome . do you like any sports ?
i love baseball too . my mom taught me how to play
my whole life really . i do not play as much as i used to though .
not really . how about you ?
that is awesome . i have some orange fish in my aquarium
hi ! i am doing very well tonight , my kids are gone .
i am a violinist . i cannot sing , are you from georgia like me ?
nice ! my fiance is a detective .
i have a challenger , my fiance sometimes borrows it .
i do too , i am a redhead .
that is interesting , i am not good with my hands .
not as short as i am , i am five foot .
i have issues getting into my fiances truck .
i am doing great , how about you ?
how many wives do you have ?
i am so sorry to hear that . what do you enjoy doing with your wife ?
what hobbies do you enjoy in your free time ?
that sounds like fun , where do you work ?
do you drink coffee at work as well ?
i am looking for a job making video games .
my father has a very important job , but i would rather do something i love .
i am great . just working from home . i love it ! how are you ?
i spend too much time playing computer games and on facebook to workout
reading is fun but i would rather lay with my pets in bed and watch tv
i love playing games . especially computer games .
i work from home . it is great for my family . you ?
that sounds interesting . i spend too much time on social media to read magazines .
i know , right ? it is crazy . everything is online anymore .
not much . my name is nancy , and i like the color red .
no , i do not work . just see what color red items i can collect .
that is nice . you know i wear red lipstick and shoes , and have a red purse ?
no , red . i even drive a car that is red . i like to golf .
which author is your favorite ?
just like i like wearing and buying red items .
hi ! i am just writing since i am currently unemployed .
none . i discovered after i was done with my career that i was not passionate about it .
what do you do for work ? an author is what i want to become .
cool ! by end of the year i hope to finish my novel i am writing .
thanks ! i hear that iphone photos are sometimes the best photos !
sounds fancy . did you know there is a black lens filter ?
no . it is a literal all black lens for regular digital cameras .
yes but it is pitch black when looking at it . it results beautiful pictures !
pretty good ! ! how about you ?
that is good , i am enjoying my day , and my fave color is blue . what about you
nice ! ! my cats love clean sheets ,
cats and pizza . lol i have five of them . not much of a people person .
i understand , my ideal dream is to be queen of england . right now queen of taco bell .
my husband is the ceo . he works on ways to making the company better .
we sometimes travel in our plane with our kids
we do pretty well , we started small , but grew over time . do you need work ?
oh that is no fun can i help ? i love to help people
i have a husband sorry
no i do not want to be pregnant i love sushi too much
not sure my firefighter would like that
yes but i am busy too i am a nurse maybe i can take your temperature
maybe ? what was his name ?
i can not say the name rings a bell
i know of the soup kitchen man . no soup for you
my brother has a dog i hate that thing
i bet socks smells bad . your car must stink , what do you drive ?
well i drive the most expensive car you could imagine
i need a drink , how about you sonny ?
well sonny , its time you learned , lets hit up the pub ?
finally , something we have in common
speaking my language , lets race there
of course i would win
i am doing good hope you are well
i would to go fishing
wow that sounds amazing wow
wow that is something really cool to be able to do
i love cars i have a jaguar
it is a vintage style looking car
it is a green one emerald green
i also have a black car they get hot so quick
i love to compete in skiing my arm broke from it once
yeah it is exciting week , and i have support from my family
i am afraid of heights , but i will over come it
i like to go to clubs and show off my red hair
me too , i love carrots matches my hair color
brown hair is cool too !
i see , do you want to dye it red ?
very well ! i like to go to comic cons and anime . you ?
no pets really , just a beta fish
moving is terrible sometimes . i hope yours is a move you are looking forward to
yes . do you as well ?
sometimes . other times its exhausting
talking to people online is good for that though , i think
not really . more into music
i am doing well ! just playing some video games ! i play video games a lot .
i agree . what do you do for a living ? i decorate cakes .
maybe i will bring you one of my decorated cakes ! do you like cake ?
all cakes are good . except licorice cake . its gross
have you ever had licorice candy ?
so imagine the candy licorice flavor but in cake or icing form .
i enjoy game of thrones , supernatural , the walking dead . you ?
i brought a stray cat home yesterday evening . cats are so cute , i love them
i am doing well , just watching a movie . how about you ?
a horror movie . i am more of a rock person .
mostly video games . how about you ?
that is amazing ! how long have you been serving
i can only imagine . no one in my family has served .
of course . my family company partners with a lot of nonprofits to support them
i definitely agree . food , housing , financial support .
iron maiden . definitely my favorite .
hi my name is carl and i like country music .
no pets but i am learning to use the internet .
i am newly employed at ccs cakes
i do not eat meat do you ?
interesting my grandchildren do too .
what is your favorite sport ?
i really like college football .
mmm . mmm . can you smell that ? delicious !
that too ! its also my german chocolate bundt cake in the oven
sounds like a deal . oh , its ready !
ready ? oop , here you go ! tell me , is it as good as it smells ?
fantastic that is pretty amazing ! i met my hubby back in high school
enjoy the single life ! speaking of swimming , ever been surfing ?
i go every morning . would be more than willing to teach you sometime !
haha well take some of this home with you ! i cannot share food with my patients
good what are you up to today ?
yeah not my thing . not so much time for watching sports .
grading papers takes up lots of it and three kids ! you work ?
loads of people love football . to each his own .
why do you love football ? i paint .
oh for sure . we love what we love .
waffles with vermont maple syrup
good my grandchildren are visiting today
lol , i live by lake winnemuckchatah so when the kids visit its pretty much like camping
better they play outdoors than get into trouble . do you work ?
that sounds very important . i am an antique refurbisher .
my workers re upholster old couches and chairs . too old to do it myself anymore
i love to spend time by the water fishing with my grandkids . you ?
i pick katy perry lol
i drive a toyota camry . . . u ?
i am a legal asst . for a dick boss
where are you located in ?
i am in river side cali
i like to do activist work in my free time
i am great ! i am a freshman in college , and its so exciting !
what did you study ? i am focusing more on science .
do you have a job yet ?
overseas ? i am just hoping i can get into the dorms soon !
that would make it easier to pick up more hours working in the library .
did you get hurt playing basketball ? i hope it heals quick
hey i am good , just eating pasta my wife cooked , it is the best , you ?
she does ! and coffee which makes me super happy .
are you with the boys right now ? i do , long commute to work every morning .
i live in new york , i paint houses !
it is a tough job but someone has to do it .
oh for sure , what else do you do ?
i just paint and hang out with the wife honestly , watch sports too .
come find out yourself we can have a few beers !
robyn . i sell viagra and have a dog named ciales . just kidding . ll .
my only sister makes the best calzones . she has a labradors named ciales . true statement .
i am going to paris soon . any suggestions of what to do there ?
i know what you mean . i am born and raise in san francisco .
c amon down . i will introduce you to my sister and her dog ciales . ll .
i love dogs but do not have one . san francisco has the best healthy pizza though .
my sister ai not too bad either . her name is mettle jean . you married ?
wow ! a destination wedding . if you have in it paris my sister could come . ll .
hi , i am great . please tell me more about yourself ?
cool , i have never worked , but i love video games .
yes , i do , i am a student and i really love to listen to rock music .
yap , i have a cat named lil uzi vert . you ?
cool . guess what ? my mom worked for steve jobs !
she mostly took notes from his meetings .
i respect the art , but do no partake in photography . i like to take care of people .
as most do . i do like to dye my hair alot its pink right now !
i am a nurse at a hospital . i like helping others .
me too ! i hate mornings . i usually work overnight .
yea , a good bit . i live in grand rapids , michigan .
i love candles as well , but fear leaving them unattended .
that is good . are you allergic to anything ?
pancakes sound delicious ! i just had some fruit .
that is fun . i love watching football with my friends .
the patriots . we all find it to be great fun to watch the games together .
cool . i have actually visited there once .
it was an interesting place to visit . i did have some fun there .
i wish i had known about it back then .
that is good to know if i ever get back out there .
i am doing well yourself
i watch nascar races on sundays
must be interesting to hear them fight
i am gonna go grab a big mac in a short while . i love mcdonalds
my dad teaches high school and my mom teaches the 4th grade .
that is awesome ! ! not much into make up . i want to own a beach house
yeah i am a guy that is not my thing .
i am well . thank you . how are you ?
i love pizza . however , i live out on a ranch and cannot always get it .
it is . i love the outdoors . i enjoy cheer leading and riding horses .
yes , i do . my grandmother makes the best sweet tea !
me too ! i am only 21 , so it is better than drinking some other things .
i work a part time job , and i am going to college .
you must be a great teacher !
same to you . have a great day !
hello , it is night here lol but why is that ?
well that is not good . i see messes all day long at the day care .
well maybe your mom should know .
oh , i would maybe just stay out of his way then .
well hopefully he will stop .
i would just tell your mom or dad , that is what i would do .
that is quite an age difference .
pretty good . getting ready to do some computer work . you ?
can not say i know that . any other fun facts ?
wow , impressive . i love computer programming . are you in school ?
so you have money ? i want to own my own business one day .
no , i am in school for computer engineering . where do you live ?
did they die ? i stay up really late if you want to talk .
oh , you were adopted . i am a good listener . my bff is gay .
how are you doing tonight
good just watching fifty shades darker
lol i have kids to
i love pink and baby blue
i hate organ lol what do u do for fun
i love football more then baseball
i am doing well !
i just took a drive with my wife , which i enjoy . how about you ?
fortunately , i got into great shape and that helped . what do you enjoy ?
oh , my son is as well , and he makes straight as in school .
just a son . what about you ?
i am going to play video games later . what about you ?
oh , i am sorry to hear that . may i ask how that happened ?
i hope that you are still able to live a full life .
i am ok considering i am in a dry spell in the dating scene . since high school
how funny ! i eventually want to have a stable with a minimum of 10 race horses .
my resume says professional horse racing handicapper , but i really want to teach it .
no , but i can teach you to trifecta bet ! i made 90 , 000 this year alone !
as they say , you do you boo .
perfecting timing , do not you think ?
it is after 3 here . after i pick up my kid , i will eat . you ?
i was thinking about chicken salad .
i play with my brothers and sisters in the forest a lot . we do not have much .
i know what that is like . wish i had been adopted by rich people .
i might join , what is it like ? i do not want a desk job like my dad .
read any steven king ? my mom does not work and reads a lot too .
not too picky on food , hp does not pay my dad enough for fancy gourmet .
we do not always get meat either . too expensive for six kids . pasta is cheap .
we grow our own so it is even cheaper . i do not know what the future brings .
does the future scare you ?
whered u go ?
lol
the football team ?
yorkie ?
what do you do for a living ?
i work in a vegas hotel
fishing is what i love . but my father died in a fishing accident when i was two .
its ok he used to beat me and my mom . she says i have his blue eyes
mom does not think so . . . she beats me now every day . i hate always losing . . .
yeah hopefully , spring will be here soon and i will be eighteen , its my new favorite season .
does anyone abuse you , my mother broke my are yesterday because i coughed loud
oh no she is coming , she going to beat me again help !
97 important person lane , in idontknow , wisconsin 89740
i hope that is is the ghostbusters they ask to call when you need help .
not a lot , looking for food , and yourself ?
i think pizza is a great choice . or maybe burritos !
of course ! what do you like to do in your free time ?
i like to go to the mall , and dancing is my favorite exercise !
all this talk is making me hungry . whats you favorite kind of pizza ?
not a huge fan , the look of it kind of scares me .
i might have to .
if you consider , shoes and outfits art work then yes !
i love the color red .
and can you draw people ?
i like to wear purses .
not a huge game of thrones fan . i only watch a handful of shows though .
how did that go ? the cat ?
need a special outfit for it as well .
i am great . i just got done swimming .
i have an indoor pool
yeah , i just like to swim a lot .
what does that entail ? i have never heard of it .
i have never been to a show
what do you mean by that
are they catty lol get it
hey nurse kelly struggling with gas , so bloated
okay pudding makes me really gassy , thanks !
really i love it , but cant eat it . i cant have any diary
i love honey , you and i like different stiff
really are you allergic ?
no not at all i love bees , what music you like
cool more like pop , i love some ke ha
yeah she is a good artist
i am doing ok , how about you ?
yes i am , my wife and i have 3 pets but no children
i am not sure if we want kids yet , we are still pretty young
we are both in our early 20s , how about you ?
right now i am working as a truck driver
yea , i get to see all sorts of things on the road
this is only my second year
yea , one of my favorite things to do is visit mexican restaurants wherever i go
i am doing great except for the allergies
no . i need a claritin
no i sneeze a lot
why are you going skydiving
i like soft music . my ears can not do hard music .
what did you win at
i need it for everything
fast food is pretty bad
good i am creating a house out of matches
i know about flames my parents died in flames when the plane crashed
i am sorry to hear that he dies
that is good want to run sometime with me
wow that can not be good
that sounds like a fun hobby
i would like to have money to travel but i am poor
hi i am doing ok my braces hurt . how are you
i just got them i just turned 15 so it was the right time
i do but i love science that is my main focus
i want to go to florida state and get a degree in biology
i might go to vet school i love animals even have 3 dogs maddie is mine
yeah i do . do you have any pets
have you tried anything to get rid of him
i am good thanks for asking
i love playing video games
do you have any hobbies ?
what do you do for a living ?
what city are you from ?
i am in cali as well
i am in riverside right now
yeah i always donate my stuff too
am fine and am zitah
yes going out to shop for things i need through the week
fine . what do you do there ?
i love sandwiches and country music too
my other hobbies are watching wrestling and skating on ice
also me and what is your stand about praying and church activities
great how was your day ? fine i hope .
i have been married to my awesome husband for 10 years .
fabulous more people need to volunteer .
i am the president of a little marketing consulting agency .
i have two baby dog and i love to listen to radiohead band .
i truly love being an independent woman .
yes it is i want to go scuba diving one day .
i like cinderella the best
i am a partner at my law firm
yeah i worked really hard to get here
no but my daughters do
that is cool do you like to play golf
its a really relaxing game
i like thrillers and action movies
hi ! doing great ! looking restaurant options for tonight . i have been everywhere pretty much .
i prefer restaurants most of the time . i can afford it , working in finance .
i like expensive restaurants one of the perks of graduating from ivy league
what do you think about taxing rich people more ? that is horrible !
i cannot believe we always have to make it easier for those poor people !
they do not want to study or get good jobs and then we have to cut their taxes .
oh wow ! ! i also enjoy reading ! ! what are you reading ?
heading back to school to be a vet , my love for animals , so reading text books
yeah , animals are cute . i became vegan because of it .
i know right ! ! i am so into it ! ! i am also fan of country music .
that is awesome ! ! i do not have cable so i do not watch many awesome shows
i know that is why i do not own any cable ,
hi . i grow vegetables . do you need any ?
can i skydive and land on your farm ?
no worries . can i bring my twin brother ? he lives with me .
maybe this weekend since i am not volunteering at the animal shelter .
i do . i am in a band . maybe you can rap for me ?
oh well . you can always play the tambourine .
i play guitar and lead vocals .
that is awesome . we should hang sometime .
i doing just fine thank you , the weather is very nice here .
well there is beautiful scenery here , so i often go out and draw landscapes . you ?
swell ! maybe i have seen you down at the diner where i work ?
that is unfortunate , do you come from a large family ?
me too ! i have 3 older brothers and 2 younger sisters . you would like them !
i sure do , every sunday i ride my bike down to the candy store and spend 20
really ! i am a drummer in an indie called barbie !
i am fred and i love to garden when i am not touring
my twin and me live in an apartment so i can only garden at moms
only when i volunteer at the humane society . a topiary of a dog would be great there
they sure are ! if i ever skydive i will love to take my dog with me
oh ! i had no idea . i bet they are cute with goggles
who knew dogs skydived ?
i am ok . that is too many kids . i am not a fan of kids .
i like driving my cars , i have three ferrari .
no , my dad was a pretty big actor , he was not nice . i hate acting .
i sometimes race away from my three exes in them . haha
yeah they all wanted to have kids . i have to get out when i could .
they just wanted my for my cars and money . they were the psycho ones .
wonderful , and how are you ?
well , whats wrong ? seeing family should uplift you .
oh . . . my sister is gay not openly closet because of her career as an author .
yeah she hates it , the family vacations every winter in florida but she never comes .
she feels like they are angry but i think they would appease gradually .
really ? do you do anything to assist you with coming out ?
i help my sister by taking her to karaoke on thursdays to overcome her fears .
hello . how are you doing today ? i am well .
cool . i am watching some old movies today .
awesome . you like country music huh ?
i play country music for my yoga class .
do you have any other hobbies ?
awesome . i love fiction . that is great .
hey , yes . i lived in alabama since a kid , full of pretty flowers
i do not love sweet home alabama song though hehe ! do you watch tv ?
i like game of thrones so badly !
hehe ohhh . . . . . fun ! did you have any crazy experience as a kid ? ? ?
i saw the easter bunny hiding behind my closet when i was a kid . . . . .
wow , i am in australia . . full of crocodiles
no . . . i was terrified to look . . what is your name ?
nah , i am not crazy ! just dogs
well , how are you today ?
oh , did you just move ?
well , i write scripts for short films and am learning to play guitar .
tell me something interesting about yourself .
cool . did you do any crazy color ?
yes , i have my dad . he just suffered a heart attack recently .
no , my girlfriend and i have been thinking of adoption though . you ?
weird . why do you think he does not look like you ?
hello , anything that i do not have to cook or serve to someone . i am a waitress .
mine is summer , i am in north dakota and hate the amount of snow we get .
i prefer the beach . sun and surf is for me .
its not for everyone , especially when you see all of the hurricane footage .
i love listening to the sound of the waves
it truly is . do you like to surf ?
i am not that good at it either , mainly i draw surfers .
i am only in grade 3 , i do not like vegetables !
i would love that , maybe some soccer too ?
i can try , but i speak french and english is that okay ?
me and my parents and brother moved here !
it is too hard for me , what are you up to ?
what are you cooking ? good i hope we can draw at the dinner table !
i love planting trees and reading .
i did not but now i know , i will tell my class .
hi i am doing great how are you ?
cherish those days they will be gone before you know it .
yes they do i just lost my husband of 55 years last march
he was a year older than me 76 years old so it was his time
yes it is but i see my family once a week on saturdays so i have support
family traditions are the best !
aw what do you do for a living
that can be stressful
hey . i would be happy if my allergies did not feel this bad today . how about you ?
well that may be a bit hard for you in social situations
i would like to play but i cannot stand getting sweat . and i cannot stand dust . . .
i love my cat . do you have a pet ?
ah that is good . so you ride ?
that is ok as well . i do not think i could even try .
hello , i have been better , but i cannot complain i suppose . hows life treating you ?
i am down like a frown , charlie brown
perfect ! would you like a scotch ? i am about to pour myself another .
bully for you ! he did not get a dwi did he ? i am studying law
please elaborate , i would love to help a clown in need
did the establishment pursue legal action , or simply ask you to pay ?
are you self employed ? what do you think the damages amount to ?
hey names chet and i watch so much tv its like my life
i do when there is nothing else on tv . i also eat a lot cheeseburger . my fave
i like to fish on the weekends . some days i do not catch anything
i do not live with anyone , and as a career i work on cars
yeah that is awesome to do .
yeah small places makes me feel claustrophobic .
i think its in the age lol
well i just end up hanging with my buddies because i am away from family
i am wonderful and you ?
sounds fun ! being a mom keeps me from doing fun things like that ! lol
very true and i adore both my daughters .
i am so sorry to hear that ! are you married ?
cool ! i am lucky my husband has a good job a telecom .
i like anything adventurous , like hiking and mountain climbing .
we have a bit in common ! i like to travel , but driving frustrates me .
yes ! some of the people on the bus are strange .
actually , i find it fascinating .
me too . i am constantly using reddit .
i sold insurance in japan last summer .
how much does it cost to go with your class ?
do you bike ride at all . it is something i do every weekend .
you have to do something besides watching anime .
lol favorite color for you ? mine is blue .
you will be flying in the blue sky when you go to japan .
i am vegetarian and how are you ?
my five kids like to check my birthplace .
it is in spain . football is big thing in spain
i am guessing that you like hip hop too ?
oh , dang . i am a veterinarian . how old is your pomeranian ?
you should bring it over to the clinic and we ll trim it
and we ll play some hiphop music on the background
doing good , thanks . tell me about yourself !
excellent . i love graphic design , that is what i am studying . i am usually late for class .
i am from baltimore . where are you from ?
ah , california . nice . at night , i love to look at the stars .
i am a big car enthusiast . i really would love to own a porsche . someday .
no , i used to . not any more though . how about you ?
wow , full house . that is really nice . do they get along ?
i am great how are you ?
sorry , should have introduced myself i am nasirah . i love music . what instrument do you play ?
that is wonderful . my three daughters are always out at the bars .
they are all in their 20s . no pets . do you have any hobbies ?
that would be a bit scary for me i prefer baking and cooking .
actually i do i love saudi arabian cooking so i write about that .
not yet close tho . what do you like to do besides eat tacos
i love watching football i am so glad its back in season
that is understandable i am a country boy its all about country music and football
i hope you can stay here you were so young
that is sad . what do you like to do
i bet spain was fun i like to take my lifted raptor mudding and bear kane brown
hi there . what do you do for a living ?
i love art . i am a surf bum living out in california .
ah , the opposite coast ! i would love to see the sunset on the atlantic .
its in the 70s and 80s in september ! what do you like to eat ?
i thought about going vegan . i do not eat red meat , so i might give up all meat .
yeah , i love it . i love right near the ocean so its really fresh .
never ! haha . . . what else do you like to do ?
what is a wr ?
wow that is cool
him more into outdoor activities .
i am not into science fiction .
yeah i work in health care .
wow that bums do you do water sports ?
i am mike , nice to meet you .
it is decent . i like basketball a lot !
that is why i like it , i am seven feet tall .
seven ? ! you must be in first grade then ?
aww ! i like gifts too ! i got a stuffed dog after my surgery .
i have knee problems and yes ! it was scarier than college !
smart enough that i want to play basketball in china !
what did you learn about it ?
sounds exciting ! i speak japanese , and five other languages .
that is a good life . keep a knife on you , i do . what else ?
yes , there are crazy people everywhere . they will touch you .
i am an actor , i was once on a popular kids show .
where is home ? i hope not california because i started a fire there .
it is tragic . the earth is so fragile , we have been blessed .
some people are just not smart , others have been damaged . it is cloudy .
love is the only hope . keep love alive .
i am doing great after my divorce . how are you ?
do you have any hobbies ?
i like to read a good book when i can which is rarely
yes . i work as an er nurse . what do you do ?
why do you work two jobs ?
haha . great answer . saving up money to buy a beach condo ?
do you have any dogs you take to the beach ?
i have a fish . i am away from home a lot with the job .
hi . i am great . i had to kill my dinner tonight before i could eat it .
just a deer . do you like deer ? i hunt at night .
i gotta eat . who is bambi ?
i do not watch tv , no need to be rude .
i like being outside and in the woods .
no , i do not . i make knives and arrowheads .
i do not think you are worthy of one of my knives , you can be mean .
i am fantastic thank you
yes , it ended my chance to play professional basketball
femur , now i spend my time crafting the ultimate playlist
lots of shakira what do you enjoy doing
that is great , i am a night owl and enjoy reading too
where the red fern grows how about you ?
interesting , where are you from
canada eh , i live in canadas lost province , minnesota
it was very long ! i have been working very hard .
i am unsure . . what do you do ?
oh wow ! my dad was a cook in ny , he is a bartender now .
its easy to do bad things in ny . my dad taught me right from wrong though .
do you buy nice clothes ? or something else ?
coco chanel makes very nice pieces
hey ! i am doing great ! how are you doing ?
oh , wow ! what stuff do you usually haul ?
you are a vet ? oh , wow , mad respect ! thanks for your service !
not too often , i have fair skin , the sun and i do not mix very well .
that is neat ! my step sister is a redhead . so , what do you do for fun ?
sounds like fun ! i like to cook , especially brownies . no , not the medical kind lol
lol , good for you ! so , where do you like to surf ?
most i know about trucker comes from watching ice road truckers and burt reynolds films lol
i am doing great , how are you doing ?
i do not , but during the summer i love to hike . do you hike ?
that is fun . whats your name ? mine is mary .
i do . the band one direction is my favorite and who i work for .
colorado is where i am from , where are you from ?
i do not . skiing is what i love to do during the winter . what about you ?
hello , i am so excited to meet you . i love meeting new friends .
i am super into movies my dad and i own over 600 .
i want to be a director after i complete film school .
i am also a trumpet player in my high schools marching band .
oh i hope so . i am pretty good at it if i do say so .
you knew right away though ?
things not going well ?
that is horrible . i have a cat named fred .
i am just looking at my mom telling her she looks like grandma
yeah i do not have to work so i just sleep like 8 hours and chill
i would just text them better than talking anyway
i am out of school right now
play hockey is usually my pass time
tht is always fun as long as you are good
that is a good point so i suppose you are good
fabulous and how about yourself ?
that is awesome i would love to learn how to do that !
i am sure it does i learned italian years ago and i still practice .
well it was pretty hard but worth it probably like the knitting
i have helped my brother on digs . he is an archaeologist .
mostly remains of past civilizations .
they found remains from 200 , 000 years ago and that was fascinating !
yeah it definitely is an awesome thing .
hi . i love to cook . what are you cooking ?
i like to go to different farmers markets and ethnic grocery stores . i like food .
that is really cool . how old are your kids ?
not yet . but hopefully . i work a lot .
i am not vocally political . i have strong views though .
it is a scary time . i try to concentrate on what grounds me .
hi i am carrie and have hair down to my waist
no pets but am so happy i only need 20 bucks for new camera
collies are great do you anything about theater cameras ?
i do . do you like mexican food ?
mexican is my favorite but i love indian and creole anything with a kick
travel is great i love tasting new spicy foods
yes i would always snack while operating camera at the theater
sing , coz i like singing a lot of songs
the lumineers , their band and their music
nope , i just read on my free time
i do walk during sunny days , and that s happiness
i am 24 years old and you are
one is on its way
of course and nervous at the same time
that is so comforting to hear
hi . what is with kids these days ? i am fun but they do not agree .
my sixth graders are really getting out of hand lately .
i coach too but the girls throw their volley balls at me some times . on purpose !
no . it reminds me of all the pranks they pull on me . do you like kids ?
i am too nice . what other teacher holds karaoke friday parties ?
good for you . try some apples , i am allergic but eat the ones they give me .
thank goodness . we do crosswords and crochet at the same time .
sounds like a plan . we can watch the football game when they are gone too .
i am from the wonderful city of los angeles
i work as a secretary for an insurance company
i enjoy taking my dogs out and reading crime books
magic mike is a good one . i like movies like now you see me
what subject do you teach ?
sounds interesting . which do you prefer teaching ?
no i spend my free time reading . it is so relaxing .
that sucks . the doctors office where i work is closed friday , saturday , and sunday .
i am a physician assistant . i always bring lilies in for my station . they are my favorite .
that is a plus . i spill on white every time .
no gros here either but i do eat some meat that is grass fed .
everyday when i get home from work , i walk my dog max . dogs are the best .
fine , where does friendship grow ?
it grows in the heart , i love country music .
smoking ? no , my blood is very weak to handle the weed .
smoking and drinking gives me severe headache .
my favorite is grilled chicken and my dad is an accountant .
am volunteering as an intern in a hospital laboratory .
yes i love it so much because it was my dream career .
i love kittens ! so adorable , yes .
brownies and pizza ! i love that combination !
are we going to be blowing up balloons ?
we could have a water balloon fight ! that would be so much fun .
we could have our water balloon fight at the beach . i love the beach !
do you like reading books ?
i love mystery and thriller novels ! you should give them a try .
of course ! i enjoy reading to people .
not much , just listening to some music . you ?
i mostly listen to jazz
not really , no . i am not very good .
that sounds unfortunate . i just bought a new bike myself .
so far so good ! it is green . do you do any physical activities ?
that is something ! i bike to class as well .
i am taking some classes on engineering for my work .
i have never been able to wrap my head around philosophy .
i am good this morning and you ?
i love to write it is one of my hobbies
i have always loved writing but , i am retired now
yes i do now i do a lot of volunteering
you have a big family . it is just my huband , me , and my dog lobo
yes she is a husky that has wolf abilities lol
they shed a lot though i am always cleaning up after her
ll well she keeps me busy
i have been better . how about yourself ?
i am under a lot of stress . my farm was foreclosed and i cannot find work .
are you anywhere near kansas ?
i have , but no luck here . i have always wanted to move some place warmer .
who is your best impersonation ?
that is awesome . i used to love his movies !
i loved the mask as a kid , and ace ventura .
i have never watched that one .
doing just fine and you ?
maybe i love to shop so might do that
lots of toys for my dog and sushi . never read anything by him what does he write ?
he is a mutt but i love him
no i am single , probably because i let mom and dad pay my rent .
well are you male or female ? i mean i am available after all . lol
never can tell till you try . i like to call myself a vegan yet i love sushi
i am a morgue tech , you ?
cool ! what bands do you like ?
i like dream theatre . not a runner , though . i would rather walk .
i have not been to new york . i am in washington . better option for loners .
ugh , i am sorry . do you have any hobbies ?
i am big on reading . i have been reading stephen kings it . have you read that ?
i am great . have you heard the new bruno mars album ?
yes it is great . bruno mars is an all star performer . who is your favorite ?
what do you like to do in your free time ?
that is amazing to hear . i like to run with my dogs .
two pitbulls from the rescue . do you like dogs ?
do you watch cat videos on the internet ?
those are great priorities . reddit has the best cat videos
reading book on accountant trends in the u . s .
hi , i love halloween , so what do you like to do for fun ?
that is nice ! i enjoy doing beadwork and writing my own patterns .
sure is ! where you from that you can go hunting ?
lol i grew up on a farm in va but moved to pa
best ! i am actually going to be cooking them up , want to come on over ?
awesome ! i will be happy to show you my beadwork also
i am doing well . how are you ?
lol . . . that is about all we eat in the dorm
how do you feel about music ?
i am more into music i can dance to
no , i grew up alone until i got my dog socks
how many is a lot ?
wow ! i can not even count that high ! p
i am good thanks and you
just got done cooking do you cook
how did they die dang
sorry to hear that i hate boats
just went shopping do you ?
do you have any kids ?
oh you are great for doing that
i just cook and cook really
just got back from working at gap . where do you work ?
a journalist then ? hope it pays better than mine . had to get a cheap car .
i prefer to spend my time walking along the beach .
yeah . i fill my spare time with rock climbing and watching django unchained .
you are really missing some great views .
i like to go barefoot on the beach .
do you have any other favorite things to do ?
bingo ! ! i played that growing up with my grandmother .
good , thanks . been mainly playing with my cute little puppy haha
oh you enjoy going for a run ?
a pug called tiki ! haha , i am not a people person either . prefer dogs .
i feel you ! dogs love you no matter what you say haha
oh , why is he disapproving ?
and you do not want to ? what business is it ?
hmm but cant you do both ?
that is unfair though ! you should go after your dream .
just chilling like a villain .
more like the old guy from up .
i use my sisters brush for my crazy long hair
769 millimeters on a good day
me and my lizards sometimes watch tv
i should add tennis to my fantasy world
i have short hair in my fantasy world . it iss nuts
no i did not because i skipped dinner . what did you eat ?
how could you eat dinner and not remember what you ate ? !
what kind of job are you looking for ? i am trying to retire within 10 years .
did you go to college or just get your ged ?
i got my masters degree and now i work for ibm .
god should not have blessed me so much , cause i am too tall .
what about all the people who are suffering and dying , does he bless them ?
praying will not help the people suffering , just help our hearts .
i am great thanks how are you ?
i am house sitting 5 cats . do you like dogs too ?
i love dogs too . what foods do you like ?
not necessarily . there are even tons of cool raw vegan recipes
that sounds nice , i will be traveling more soon .
yea it can be , who looks after your cats while you are away ?
oh that is awesome to have her help .
my favorite band is avett , do you like music as well ?
i am nancy love oreos but i teach yoga
i love nature its my zen to watch bacon grow
my mom taught home economics where i learned my love of bacon
i guess knitting keeps me single
no i want a family beyond my dogs
people look at me funny when i say sorry i am late dog hog the bed
that is very very true i cant deny
3 a yellow lab , a german shepherd , and a mix beagle
its going good and yours ?
we get kinda allot of rain too .
yeah sucks i just my wife hates the rain . that is what we moved to wisconsin .
yeah i would say a little unique , and nothing wrong with that .
nice ! i would be gigging too !
getting my mba degree ! so excited !
thanks musch needed ! around this time of the year it gets busy .
living in colorado , there is not much for me to do .
hey , i was at an christian secondary school , all girls ; !
my mom taught at the church though , sunday school . lame !
yep , but i do not have any siblings , its why i am this way !
super special 0 i like to do the fancy dancing , or as the french say , ballet !
sure i am going to be a nurse , i am at school now !
thanks , all girls high christian schools rock ! , that is where i went .
yep , my mom , she was a teacher , at the parish on sundays
lol hi from canada ! ! !
yes they are ! ! do you love sports ? i play soccer and love it
not really more into video games , and get discounts at best buy through my brother .
oh that is nerve wracking
that makes sense when the nerves kick in you feel like you cannot do it
you must be extremely anxious
i hope you can get over that and recover from it .
i believe you are an amazing singer and can do it .
no problem . i can see that you need it .
hi there , i prefer to get my daily caffeine from mountain dew .
do you like to watch movies ? my favorites are films like independence day .
i met my boyfriend at a chess tournament . we were both competitors .
are there any l . a . r . p events in the area ? we go to those often .
awesome . i will check the schedule and pack up my costume .
was not there a movie about alien invasion made there ?
ll takes me 4 mountain dews a day to get my quota of caffeine .
docks are especially fun for sword fights . the water hazard makes it so suspenseful .
its going good thanks for asking
not really i will probably just read
what do you do for a living ?
i am a graphic designer from cali
mostly web pages and also business cards
do you have any hobbies ?
i have a lot of cars that i work on , but wish i had a ferrari !
not really . i do try to go to the gym every day . how about you ?
i like fishing , i also enjoy seeing sports on tv .
i like basketball the best , but i will watch almost anything !
i would love to eat some ! anything else interesting about your life ?
dr . zhivago is my favorite movie , i can watch it again and again .
my dog is a black and white poodle named panda . she is so cute .
it was nice meeting you . i hope you have a great week !
i am playing video games and trying to think of what to make for dinner
i am open to anything i do not know
yes but i still want it to be good
i have roommates a couple
my wife is out of town right now
i do she just is away for business
yes we enjoy going on long drives too
snack . i am feeling down , i need to lose weight but i hate working out
that sounds fun . i usually just spend time with my dogs .
no i do not . do you like to ride bikes ?
cool ! maybe i can use bike riding to lose weight . i have become diabetic .
i know i have to check my sugar every day now . what do you do for fun
i am sorry . do you have kids ?
no i do not not yet at least . i bet they are a joy .
lol i can understand that !
busy . days off are seldom restful . currently caring for my century old parents .
old folks , for sure . nice , i have a relative who works for a hollywood studio .
building aquariums and spending time with my wife .
no . i have 6 younger brothers who always volunteer themselves first !
i also rather study asl , as my wife cannot hear .
really ? has she been to an audiologist ?
it is nice you are making the extra effort to be there for her .
i bet . be patient though . i am sure this is hard enough for her .
i am not a viking , i am from ca
it is warm in my land and we fear vikings greatly . shop at goodwill .
i would worry that you would sack our recycling centers .
honestly , i am a liberal ca kid but pillaging sounds fun .
yeah it is a little violent
i might be profitable . i say we try .
we pillage to get the wine for the fine dine .
this is going to be so fun
i wish was there to make a film nice there ?
climbing sounds fun . been there once . show me around .
well must of seen me on the news silly
well known i got that money and fame
watch it hope you win
no idea that is i just want some lobster and bed
well i will try it and see how your cooking is
hey hows it going tonight ?
ohhh nice i love dogs , what are you getting up to after the walk ?
oh my me too , its my favorite game actually , we gotta play sometime !
i am down ! in new york ! working as an officer of the law these days .
as long as we are not eating broccoli at the lan !
just play games and walk my dogs honestly .
meet up have a lan session and walk the animals ! ! it would be fun
what do you do for work ?
hi . alright . just tired from work .
nothing fancy . just factory work . you ?
that sounds a bit boring .
well if i was retired , i would be relaxing as much as possible .
where do you live , if i may ask ?
that sounds so similar to my town .
oh yes . it is quite boring . which is why i do not go out often .
hi me to i am dave from nevada
i miss it sometimes what do you do for work i am a personal trainer
cool do you go hiking ? i like the outdoors
its a good skill to have
that is cool that you guys are close i am going fishing this weekend
awesome i try to go most weekends
yea its relaxing do you have weekend plans ?
oh that sounds pretty mellow
i am good hope you are doing well
i like to take walks by the lake
what is your favorite dish to make ?
i love dessert . i could eat it a lot
i like whip cream but i am doing my best to stay away
i just start walking when i get a craving
no do you speak another language ?
practicing my cursive i am terrible at it . yourself ?
really where are you at sir ?
dang its 80 degrees at my house . i do enjoy cold winters tho
yeah i have been to six flags . have you ?
i just moved from texas . i want to visit iceland maybe one day . maybe live there
i think they are badass . did you know cellphones were invented in norway ?
yeah me too . i take online courses but get distracted .
i am great , do you like to travel ?
i love my dog , he is a collie
i often snack between meals , do you have the same problem ?
when we travel , that is when i snack the most
what color are you eyes and hair , my hair is brown and eyes are blue
yes , love running with my dog
yes that will make you very hungry after a hard work out
i just give my extra to my dog
i am well how are you ?
i like fishing , luckily there is a lake near my home . you ?
oh my daughter loves dolls . she says she wants to be a good wife like mommy
i love pizza . do you have a job ? i do upholstery
oh ibm just an old lady
me too . a nice picnic in the park with my children and husband
we like them on rainy unpleasant days
i do not find joy in very many things
i , too , have a kitty ! she is the only thing that makes me happy
me too . it is hard to find alone time here with my family though
i work from my home . i edit books
i like to think i am , but i am too depressed to do anything for myself
oh she sounds very intelligent . my mom is no longer here with me
i really need to . i hate leaving the house though
i need to get over it so i can move out on my own soon
i am good thanks and you ?
are you an evil villain ?
wow you sound like a cool dude
i fly my planes around you
no i have a girlfriend silly
yeah i win this time bud
hi ! i lived in new york . currently i am from wisconsin .
i do not have any pets . i am never home as i play rock music .
you would think i am with as many black cloths and purses as i have .
i am yes . i thrive at night .
i understand that . i play in a guns and roses tribute band at night .
which ones ? i like the little curio shops in this state .
that is cool . diversity is always a good thing .
i like parks . there are a lot of beautiful ones here in wisconsin .
hello . how are you doing today ? i am well .
i know . i live in florida with my kids .
yes , but i could not drive my kids to any sporting events .
thankfully my black suburban is strong and did not get damaged .
none at all actually . what is new with you ?
i am a member of four different book clubs .
it is very relaxing for sure .
no , i have not . i have head of it though .
i am great , except both of my parents died this past year .
i do , thankfully . i hop you are well .
cats are wonderful ! they help me enjoy even the smallest moments in life .
my dream job would be to have a shelter .
lol yes ! i am having a hard time finding a job monday thursday .
i have to be able to ride my bike too because the bus causes me anxiety .
no . it would help if i wore headphones . do you like music ?
fun ! i can get through my week with music . i listen everyday .
hello , i just came from a gig i had at a local theater
i do stand up comedy
sure tell me i am not tired
oh lol no only on the stage , what do you do for a living ?
yes some small roles on tv
sure you can what is the secret ?
oh wow nice ! i do not really watch wwe
not bad , how are you ?
oh cool , what class are you taking ?
neat , i am actually in nursing school right now !
not sure , but leaning towards er
what do you like doing when you are not in class ?
cool . i really like singing , but cannot act . . . will never be a triple threat lol
yup . i also like horseback riding . ever done that ?
definitely recommend it . cannot wait to move out to country , own my own horses
i am good , and how about you ?
cool ! any cheetahs there ? running with them would be good exercise ! ll
www they are so cute ! i like running ever since highschool when i took 6th place .
good choice ! i usually only am a meat eater .
got ya ! do you have any hobbies ? i like whittling
that sounds interesting i love the crime shows on tv .
i am on my swing set with my dolls
i am 4 my dolls look like me brown eyes
my daddy always comes home with flowers
sometimes in my princess bed i do
i bet i can dance just wish my cousin could teach me her secret to limbo
she says maybe when i am older
i will try but she is spoiled enough
i shall see christmas is almost here
doing great , just finished eating pizza , are you a morning person ?
nice , i like to roll play so the viking lifestyle would be interesting
i see , interesting . aside from that i do have a passion for cars .
i can enjoy that lifestyle as well , but i am not crazy about animals
i live in canada so i am used the cold just as you are .
yea , i ponder that as well , i think i might have to move .
no , no children , not married . you ?
nice little family . any pets ?
hi ! i am not really sure what my football team will want .
i am 53 , working on her weight , are you enjoying school ?
oh , that is lovely . helping family is always very rewarding .
i am in alabama , where are you located ?
yes , what wonderful weather we have . did you survive the hurrican ?
good to hear , i am thinking of dying my blonde hair , any suggestions ?
after you complete med school , where do you want to work ?
brb , i need to check on the kids . that is very noble cause .
hello , i am doing good you ? just listening to some classical music .
no i think i like country the best . what about you ?
oh that is interesting . the circus is very fun . i really want to take my kids .
really ? that is very cool .
do you have any kids ?
cool , i love animals ! what kind ? i have 2 cats and a bird .
awesome . so what kind of hobbies do you have ? i love golfing !
i am good , how are you ? any hobbies ? i
i love football , if i got a tattoo it would be sports related .
no , but it is my hobby and the hobby of all the people i hang with .
i am still in school . do you have hobbies besides tatoos ?
do you do anything for work ?
is that what you want to keep doing . i would love to do something with sports .
do you have an interest in that ? i love sports so that is what i want .
i am retired but used to sing . one of my parents was an athlete .
she used to lift weights . i am not good at it either . what color is your hair ?
that makes sense . i am blonde too . brown eyes . hobbies ?
nice . i need a new job .
that would be amazing , i used to be a lawyer .
i decided to leave , did not like the firm anymore .
yeah do you control your own hours at least ?
now i am totally hungry .
i am good ! just got done practicing some sick songs on my bass .
i am been playing bass guitar for like 5 years . my mom is a music teacher .
my work out buddy plays piano . he loves it . you should learn !
when i am not playing or working out i like fishing outdoors .
well i love to eat all fish . especially salmon and tuna
grilled haddock is legit . grilled fish or a cheeseburger is my favorite food .
right ? perfect meal after a hard workout !
i like action and comedies . typical blockbusters .
yes i love horses and really enjoy riding them
i like to ride when i take my family camping about once a month
i wish i could travel , but being a full mother it is very hard
i did go to a justin timberlake concert , he is my favorite singer
cooking is good but eating is so much better
no clue where he is from , do you know
the ocean is cool , wish i lived close to the beach
i wonder if he likes to go camping
hello
yes going to vegas
mostly gambling
any hobbies ?
what job is that ?
why do you day that ?
by your parents ?
i am good . do you love your little boy ?
that is nice . . . i wish that my mother felt that way about me .
i have made up for it with a life in the kitchen .
i do not . do you ?
not really . although we do have some great ones coming through where i live .
what are your thoughts on alan turing
tell me about your son .
good , i am researching about pets
i have two small dogs , and they love to listen to radiolead so do i
are you a man or a woman ?
i am a woman , that is good to know !
no i do not , but can you tell me more about your occupation ?
nice ! i have my own marketing consulting agency , albeit a small one
i am from the united states
hi ! i m doing well . just listening to music and watching tv currently . and yourself ?
nice ! do you have a job ?
cool ! i m working 3 different jobs right now , saving up money for my wedding
i only just proposed , so we don t have a date yet . winter would be nice .
that sounds like it d be really romantic . are you married or seeing anyone ?
ll , well hey you could definitely do a lot worse than pizza !
that d be awesome ! do you have any other hobbies or interests aside from pizza ?
definitely ! what type of vehicle do you drive ?
sounds like fun . i love their flag its my favorite color !
i was raised by my grandma . never met my mom .
i am not into sports . i like playing the violin though .
i am sorry to hear that . i am studying to become a music teacher .
congrats ! i just watched the movie halloween again last night . i love horror movies !
whats your favorite scary movie ?
you should tell them , i am sure they will be understanding . my would be .
i love to read , hike and surf . what do you like ?
i love video games as well , fallout is my favorite .
assassins creed is awesome , which one is your favorite ?
black flag as well . do you play call of duty ?
i do too , i have zombie tarot cards .
the ocean is an hour away . close enough though . i love it here .
you should try it , it is so soothing .
i am doing fine , how are you ?
a little , i prefer winter .
i really love the feeling of the holidays .
that is the time for family and spending lots of time together .
what some of your favorite things to do ?
that is nice , i am not really big on cooking .
yes i do . billie holliday was a favorite of mine .
thanks a good one . my son plays in a jazz band .
oh i have three dogs too and my son plays the drums .
pretty cool . parrots do like to mimic what they hear .
yes . senior center love getting out and meeting people .
laughing out loud . i am retired from hilo hospital .
yes . that is why i like to paint antique furniture out in the sunshine .
i just had a raisin and cinnamon bagel . do you like them ?
i am great actually . hows your morning going so far ?
ooh nice ! do you have chickens and cows ?
how long have you owned a farm ?
how long has it been in your family ? i bet its a great experience .
wow . do you plan on keeping that farm in your family ?
i can imagine . i would like to experience that type of life .
how did you know i am the president ? haha
ha ha haa . you know i once owned a few casinos
rip to my man tom petty
where you live ? i am rich i will fly you out
shoot i live in ny . i will fly you out tonight . you will never wanna go back haha
yea i also went bankrupt . . so yea . . no
want some help ? get a job . . save some money
oh . . so youre a rock or something ?
its going great ! just finishing up my last batch of pickled eggs . whats new with you ?
which university do you attend ?
my cousin does too . we go on long hikes on the weekends .
do you play any sports there ?
me neither . that is why i love volleyball so much .
maybe . i love doing my nails , so i do not play when they are done .
wow that is creepy . well thanks for chatting . so long !
i am great . just taking a break from a great book i am reading
the fault in our stars . i love reading
it is a very sad romance . my husband is actually writing a book with the author
physical fitness is very important
i agree . so where are you from ? i am from france
i live in canada now . i miss france
what do you do for work ?
oh that is awful . maybe try digital artistry . that is what i do
yes the voices in my head say it is time for pizza .
i believe i hear voices from far beyond sometimes .
the voices in my head say you might be leading me into a trap .
its not chemo i just have weird habits like collecting toys .
little plastic toys and they all wear raincoats . so they sent me away .
i like mystery flavors especially when they are in a cake .
i know but sometimes i argue with myself about it . then the voices say shut up !
now i think you are hearing voices in your head like i do .
i have a skunk named daisy !
so funny , highly doubtful ! tell me more about you
what are you going to eat ?
my brother is manic and believes he is a viking . we eat a lot of norse food .
i cannot believe i wasted my education on a master degree in italian literature
no , they are still out there . . . believe !
i cannot disagree with that !
i love vegetables and live in the country you ?
i am seventy one how olde are you and what is your favorite cookie
out here in the country i have a small garden . what do you like to do
the stars are brighter in the country . why not move ?
garden and eat vegetables . action packed country life . quit school
try getting a better sleep , by not sleeping under the stars .
is it a big or little dog ?
i am making a late dinner
i am making some fish i caught
fried eggplant with ranch is amazing
do you have any pets ? i love dogs
i am single to trying to date
sorry for the typos i am usually very detailed i am an architect
i am doing to many things at once
i wish i could multiply myself lol
um . . sure , what do you want to chat about ?
i do not really do any hunting , i go to florida sometimes though .
i graduated college a year ago . how about you ?
my ocd keeps me from having any real relationships .
that sounds like an awkward situation . .
i am a freelance accountant so i work all over .
its going good , i just finished watching the eclipse , and yes i used eye protection
oh yeah traveling rocks , my vice is hiking .
no i do not work right now , whats your new job ?
well besides hiking , i am seriously interested in drinking as much tea as i can .
cars and cats eh , what an interesting combo , whats your cats name ?
oh india is awesome , that is where all my ten cups of tea a day come from .
great ! been working on character voice i do on the radio .
www that is sad . ty for your service .
mostly acting , i was the first kid on sesame street when it aired .
do you have any deep regrets ? i started a forest fire in cali as a teen
that is so nice ! do you speak any languages since you travel so much ?
oh i wo not tell anyone ! i learned 6 languages .
doing pretty good . sitting here drawing it is my passion
awesome ! i am trying to get my comic drawing published
they keep rejecting my work i wonder if i should top
what color would you dye it ?
i would love to have my blond hair back it is gray now
thankful for a good life . i have five grandsons that i adore
thanks . i would love to see your work
love pizza had some a few days ago
doing well , and you . did you hear about the pencils in pencilvania ? hah !
that is where they went on vacation . pencils ? pencilvania ? get it ?
i stole that joke from tv . yeah , i love biking . go whenever i can .
but i would rather ride a tiger . in fact , if i could be a tiger . . .
oh , no ! do not cook animals . i can speak german . how about you ? any languages ?
huh , funny , i can speak it but i cannot write it ! weird , eh ?
my parents are redheads from bavaria . learned in the cradle .
great job . summer vacation ! one of the few jobs that still gets a pension .
i am awesome . waiting to see my boyfriend and parents later today .
i love to fish ! my parents have a pond on their farm in kentucky .
anywhere i want , lol . i freelance . currently , working for a magazine .
my latest piece was for a rock magazine . i love metal
i do not have any yet . i am not sure if i ever will
i am sure they are . they are fun to watch .
wonderful ! how are you doing ?
what were you making ?
i adore pasta ! with some wine and jazz in the background . i am a fair cook .
i run an antique store .
i tend to favor victorian era items , or things like that . tell me about you .
oooh , a sweet tooth ! that goes along nicely with food as well .
in a place far far away , you ?
ok , i shall call you luke
17 maybe more , my dad got around . you ?
you like them or are you not that close ?
would not know anything about that
just started working from home , the internet is a heck of a thing
those two are very diverse , a story there ?
extra income never hurts . . . i usually need extra scratch for music festivals
i am dana who has youtube channel called tips from dana
that is awesome . my father works for an advertising agency
i love dolphins , and making lets plays
i do like to watch youtube .
yeah pretty much my inspiration
that is true and i know how much work it will take to make it happen .
it is not and i know because i got bored with my 9 to 5 job
it is pretty aspiring to do and make happen
wow , what kind of marathon ? i am thinking of a new hair style
i usually comes up with different styles , just like doing my nails
5k marathon ? i like volleyball that s the only sport
wow , what kind of diet you follow ? have you tried pickled eggs ?
where are you from though ?
i don t have any pets
oh , i don t really keep pets around the house
yes , i don t like dogs really
hello ! no just three of us . whats your name ? call me albert
wow ! what do you do ? my former job was a lawyer
beautiful dogs . i have a cat
yummy . what do you do for a living ?
what do you like to bake ?
i love homemade vanilla icing
yes that sounds good too
howdy tonight buddy , i am well , thanks for asking
i live all alone even though i am a rocket scientist
i am also an amateur almost pro chef
i can cook almost 5 different cuisines
but i am usually playing guitar only in my free time . you play ?
minimum wage what are you a slave master that is wrong
great , just eating some mushroom ravioli . you ?
is that a television show ?
i have never heard of it . i must watch it sometime .
anything animated or with animals . i work with animals !
i am . it is amazing . my animals keep me sane .
what do you like to do for fun then ? !
that is interesting ! i am afraid of heights !
i am very well , just applying for jobs
kind where i get to publish books
really ? thought they all died
that is lame , vikings are so 2000 and late . librarians are cool my mom is one
i am not a liar , i just do not like you . i would not even want your autograph
i do of only authors
i am great . do you like animals ?
cool . a dragon sounds fun . i am more of a dog and cat lover
yes they are . i live with them in my house .
suspenders are a big fashion statement . how old are you ?
wow . you are old . i am 10 .
yes , i live with my mom and dad . who do you live with ?
i have not tried yoga but do love to go out and run
cooking is one of my hobbies is cooking is salad the only thing you like .
what type of significant other are you looking for ? i like men that pretty tall .
haha right jobs are important . they must also love dogs , i have 2 .
that is fun ! i have two black labs .
that is true mine chewed up by shoes just last week .
oh no ! ! ! that is too funny !
what is your favorite color ?
his
nothing much . . . my life is boring
not really . i am on liability
i babysit for my neighbor
yes when i can
what do you do for a living ?
? ?
you do not know what you do ?
hey , how are you ? do you have a favorite band ?
pink floyd . i love to listen while i run . brick wall is a great album .
no , my dad taught me good music and good work ethics .
todays music ai not got the same soul . ll . so what are your dreams ?
i understand . i am a grill cook but really need another job to reach my dreams .
i feel like tiana working my butt off to get my own restaurant . where you from ?
safe in tornado alley . ll . ks . is pot legal in ca ? its not here . ll
good luck . iguanas are cool , but i do not imagine there is much money there .
i am good . listening to some music .
that sounds fun . what do you like doing in your free time ?
i like to go dancing .
that is cool . i work on my farm with horses , chickens and some pigs .
it is . i love working wit animals .
that is not fun . animals are always good to have around .
dogs are good animals and so friendly .
my guess is that its because of the movie ?
i bet she is beautiful . do you have a favorite sport ? mine is hokey .
oh ? have you ever been to dallas tx ?
my friend is from there , we do not see each other often . do you have any siblings ?
i only have a little brother . he is really annoying . did you go to college ?
i went to louisville . my major was in business .
i do . i manage for a lawyers office . where do you work ?
hey arnold . yesterday i ran a marathon , guess i celebrated for you
what kind of cake was it ?
good ! i thought you were going to say sweet potato cake , they are gross !
my birthday is in three months . any recommendations for music ?
really ? i was thinking more along the lines of all american rejects . they are amazing
i did not because one of my three great danes was sick
okay , when you get time , ask her to let you be a weightlifter , its fun
great , just got finished designing my video game . how is your day ?
wow 3 jobs ! what do you do in your free time ? !
oh yeah , what is your favorite genre ?
what a coincidence , i love rock music !
me too ! i also like a day to remember !
i enjoy going to baseball games with my mom . she is my best friend .
congratulations ! that is a dream come true !
sounds wonderful . what ocean do you live by ?
patterson is my favorite . its a cop novel . my dad is a cop
yes do you sail in the black sea ?
well that sounds provocative and comfortable too
eating fish will make you tall like me
yes food and fun with friends
well , i used to be an actress . where do you like to fish ?
what kind of sports do you play ?
you are busy , busy ! i enjoy spending time with my pets .
two dogs and a cat . we get deer and rabbits in our yard a lot too
some , but i enjoy listening to music most .
country music is my favorite ! how about you ?
that is a cool combo . do you have a favorite soundtrack ?
i love musicals . i am not sure what movie that is though
hello i am good how about yourself
i am working in real estate , and in the weekends i wait tables
yes they are , i love mcdonalds
yeah that is the best , me and my 8 brothers go often
what happened to your parents
oh my god , are you bruce wayne
do you know wonder woman ?
hey , doing pretty well . i am in new zealand .
beautiful sunset , i love the color red in it and the ambiance
no worries . i study conspiracy theories , its kind of a weird hobby .
the moon landing was definitely staged with a silkscreen
no problem , haha that would be tricky for me since i was born with 3 thumbs
ahahah what do you play ?
oh , like marco polo or something ?
well , i enjoy soccer with the neighborhood people
i am well how bout yourself ?
fantastic ! just put some baked beans on simmer for the aroma
bacon bacon bacon bacon bacon bacon bacon
yes i do i have 3 snakes
my king cobra likes to dance to music while i do zumba
it was until my giant rock painting fell off the wall and killed my snake
it was ok . i went shopping
cool . how was your day ?
that is a great vow to make . sorry you had a rough day
become a famous fashion designer probably
i love alexander mcqueen . coco chanel too
do you like to swim at all ?
that is so cool ! which was your favorite ?
i am doing great ! how are you ?
well , i believe i have just committed a crime .
murder . i poisoned my landlord half an hour ago .
he deserved it . can you believe he raised my rent to 5000 a month ?
no one will ever find out . i laced one of my famous pecan pies with ricin !
i am very educated in the law . he was neither morally nor legally in the right !
i will . if they ever find out . but i must go , christmas is tomorrow .
hey ! dave here upstate ny ! you ?
never been ! heard its great ! that storm was a monster .
few hours away , up in the country . miss the city , have not been since my accident .
atv accident , left me as a quadriplegic . no worries i often write about it on my blog .
i am a gamer and work for a video game company
it keeps the mind busy . what do you do ?
what do you do for work ? i study dragons !
i am sorry i am not very good at this talking thing .
do you play dungeons and dragons ? you could play with me sometime !
dragons are real ! i study them . i really want to find a nest
oh my favorite christmas food is nachos , they are my favorite .
are any of your siblings royalty ?
you should get a pet dragon .
real dragons ! not those fake ones .
i am good . how are you today ?
i like swimming . what hobbies do you have ?
nice . me and my son enjoy eating out sometimes . you got kids ?
one son . i am divorced like my parents were . how about you ?
i work at a day care now .
yes . it can be sometimes . you have any interests ?
just working on some new software i developing for google .
that is cool . where are you from ? i am from seattle .
rainy and cold . lol i have heard there is great food in chicago . that true ?
seattle has great seafood . the lobster is my favorite .
how long have you been in beauty school ?
that is awesome . i am in an internship at google , but beauty school sounds more fun .
software engineer by day , club dj by night
the night life in seattle is pretty great . what is it you do for fun ?
i am doing well . i am also chilling but with my two dogs . they are amazing
i have a sweet tooth so i love candy . what kind of candy do you sell ?
oh that is nice . what do you do on your time off for fun ?
i mostly read books , but i prefer to cook and bake .
oh i am a runner , too ! i take my dogs with me though but its good exercise
how long have you and your husband been together ?
no , i am not married but i am looking but i think i love my dogs more lol
but i do enjoy tall men . especially those over 6 ft
funny you say that , i just got new superman swim trunks .
sorry it took me so long to respond , i was baking chocolate chip cookies .
i think the chocolate chip cookie is the best thing to cook . who is your racer ?
i like whoever drives a toyota , my favorite vehicle ! it is what i have !
my 4 runner a superman logo on the hood ! cha ching !
do you know what the irc is ? i talk with this a lot .
oh that is interesting . do you really like speed mcqueen ?
i know what you are talking about . i like him . what is his number ?
i am doing good today . how are you
i do . but i am not book smart
i do . i wear cardigans to look cultured
it does most the time
i have tried it once . my last name is a spanish
thanks i like people to think i am . i also tell people my name is italian
most of the time . i got my brain from my real dad
hello ! not much of a pizza person but we do like pasta
i love the night time , that is when i can read my agatha christie stories .
i love cat , so does my children . do you have any kids ?
i heard you . 2 of mine passed but 3 still with us . someday we will join them .
art is amazing . we have many good artists in my church .
i do not . i work at the church pantry helping out .
i spent most of my days at the church pantry volunteering ? do you volunteer ?
hey friend , sound like you had a long trip
i am from florida , i have a brother who lives in europe
i work from home , have my own business
i do some time , my i enjoy watching friends
haha ! yeah i love meat , vegetable too
i love traveling . gonna visit my brother in england .
yeah i travel there very often to meet new clients as well as visit family
timeshare , it is very lucrative business
no i do not what is it
i am organizing my dragon ball z collection
i like kitanta the most
that is cool i have a rock collection too
i only cook beans because i like how they smell
that is a long walk home
oh ok hope you find one soon
nice talking to you
ok , i am still wondering how i can read french but not write it
oh , well my poetry would be better in french , so who are you
oh , you must be rich . i quit high school to become a poet .
well i am rich . thought you were . ge is a good company . you should sing a poem
sure , all the time . in all aspects to the word . tennis is good for networking
my favorite color is the color of the eyes of my lover
so where are you going , important minds want to know
i like jazz a lot but i really enjoy reality tv
oh i hear you ! i just lost my job as a farm hand
no , not really . i am in kansas .
i would rather drive a car ! i want to move down south somewhere warm
yes , it was bad ! that is why i am looking for something new down south
sounds like fun what tv shows you like ?
good . just got home from college . how are you ?
very cool . my mom does custodial work at a hospital . i live with her .
what kind of music do you like ?
i am a closet death metal fan when i am not sneaking in some cartoons .
i love mexican food ! give me a burrito any day !
well , getting to the beach when i can .
yes . i also scuba dive but not so much lately . school work .
was it hard going thru nursing school ?
i am good ! please tell me about yourself
cool ! i work as a nurse so i am usually too busy
fun ! where are you from ?
i am in grand rapids , michigan . i love it !
can you tell me a fun fact about yourself ?
i will go . . i am the youngest sibling of five
pretty good . nice and full after eating a plate of salmon !
oh sorry to hear that . where do you live ?
oh , i betcha you d find it a bit cold up here in northern canada
i sold my old nintendo game to someone in sc . got myself a new one
i only like to read tech manuals . i m into radio controlled racing . you ?
i guess you ve never raced radio sports cars . you re into fantasy
not that i know of , lol . how bout you ?
best way to be , trust me . i m divorced . best thing ever did .
not bad pretty boring day my team lost today which i did not like
local bowling team we usually do better
yes it is whats your favorite season ? mine is spring
i do not know just think the blooming flowers are pretty
awesome that is my eye color
do you like fishing ? i try to go each month
yea throw the line in the water and wait very easy
no not always luck plays a part
i am doing ok how are you
i like reading blogs you can learn a lot
yeah it is a very quiet place . what kind of books do you like to read
oh ok i like science fiction but no one likes when i talk about them
that is understandable people can be untrustworthy
oh wow i know some people like that too
nothing wrong with being competitive . i help a publishing company publish books
hi , how are you , please tell me more about yourself !
i do not know anything about you actually , any hobbies ?
i am not sure what you are talking about , but yeah , go ahead
wow , cool ! i am not a baseball fan , i like rock climbing instead !
do you like cars ? i drive a pimped out honda civic . . . cool !
well , i am not a betting person actually , can you help me ?
i dance ballet for a living .
now you have , seen any good movies lately ?
not in a while . i hate horror stuff . i like to stick to comedies .
i have been too busy to see any comedies lately .
yeah . i have shows i have to rehearse for . it takes hours of my time .
i eat whatever i want . my favorite thing to eat is hamburgers .
i stay active . what kind of books do you like to read ?
those are good ones . what do you do for work ?
awesome , i am looking for craft shows to go to this weekend . how old are ur kids ?
i live with my boyfriend in an apartment and make jewelry . what do you do for fun ?
no they are too much work lol do you read ?
that is cool i wish i could retire my barista job and just read the bible all day
where are you from and whats your favorite thing to bake
i am on job and i cant retire cause i am only 20 . hows retirement ?
the lasagna sounds amazing . i would kill for a breadstick rn
i would love to come visit and bring you some homemade jewelry
want to work out with me today ?
can you get a me a good deal ? i like a nice drive after working out .
we should hit up a bar and have a few drinks .
that would be great . maybe a game of football too .
none yet . i am still in college
does she enjoy working out ?
i like to attend social gatherings .
that is cool . i am a woman .
no i did not know that . i enjoy skateboarding .
awesome sounds fun . i like pizza .
that is awesome . i like traveling .
i am still a teenager in school .
i am sixteen and i am from mexico but my hair is blonde you ?
that is cool other cultures are nice .
me too traveling is fun .
i am good dog . what about you ? what are you into ?
oh that is cool . do you watch any sports ?
nice , i am into basketball myself . i like rapping too
usually rec centers or my house . i also sing barbershop !
a while . but winter i coming so i will be inside a lot to do it . love it !
mostly take naps . how about you ?
nice my dog . what else are you interested in ?
just hanging out watching netflix . feeling good . you ?
cool . i wish i had more time to start a garden .
i like hunting . being self sufficient is important to me
yes it is very uncommon but i would be interested in learning ?
youtube is so useful . i am thinking of starting a channel
i think i would give tutorials maybe reviews . have not thought it through
i have some experience but mostly audio . do you like music . favorite bands ?
i like country music . old honkytonk music and bluegrass mainly . do you work ?
that sounds tasty . just finished a shopping trip with my little girls
7 and 12 . we are getting a jump start on halloween , plan to make a haunted house
summer was great for them , we traveled . how was lake michigan ? i have never been
i bet , do you live near it ?
i remodel homes , so i like to build things with the excess materials . archery too
oh wow ! impressive , how long have you played ? karate is awesome , i am jealous
that is cool , and yeah , maybe i will . become the next bruce lee or something
hello , i love jazz music , i bar tend at a jazz bar .
camping is fun ! as long as i can bring my scotch collection
my father and i drink every weekend while i study for the bar
i go to college during the week ,
very ! i need to make money for a bigger house ! mine is so small .
wow ! my house is probably the size of your bathroom
it allows me to save money .
maybe you can buy me some single malt scotch for my collection
well you much live in a cold city like new york city too .
i am sorry . you married or single ?
i am married to a wonderful man . you have any interests ?
wow that
wow that is fast . i enjoy writing since its my profession
yes a few . i like to visit museums for inspirations sometimes .
mostly art museums . although history museums give me more inspiration .
hi how are you
the same i may walk the beach and pick up seashells , what about you
that is relaxing i try to go horseback riding every change i get
they have instructors some places you should go when you can its really fun
that is hard at times what do you do for a living
is there good money in it ? i teach yoga at the y
it is sometimes but has its bad days .
it was nice talking to you
really good , how about you ?
so you are a student ?
great . so you like animal ?
i like to eat meat too .
i have two kid there is not much fun .
i think i eat enough meat .
my hubby said the same thing
you may only treat pet because meat will be grown in lab
yeah that is cool , what is your favorite color ?
i love red , reminds me of summer time .
i make hot dogs for a living .
i really really like hot dogs
yes , distracts me from the laws firm
i work hard and got promoted .
it is the best job ever .
i make more dancing on the weekends
yeah that is cool , what is your favorite color ?
its going good . my allergies are acting up . how is yours going ?
that sucks . i love my cat even though she is messing with my allergies
me too . it takes me an hour to get ready for work every day . how about you ?
i have too many pairs of pants . the clutter drives me nuts ! that , and the dust
i have too much clutter . the dust and my cat messes with my horrible allergies
i would go get some too , but again , it takes me too long to get ready
i like the roadie idea . maybe we could do it for ghost as well ?
yes , a vacation from the clutter would be nice .
i am well how are you tonight
i am scratching my nose
i can not hear so i do not watch tv i read
non fiction mostly with a bit of fiction
that sounds like a good one
i can not even drive never learned to
i am sorry to hear that
i got to go out to help with the storm . i drive a truck .
yeh . i am a police officer n on duty at midnight . where do you live ?
you are safe . you must live alone . me too . married 3 times tough bein a cop
keep my carry here , so i feel safe here . just lonely . whats your cats name ?
nice . you made my night . i have minutes before i leave . sure you are okay ?
cisco de mayo is the only holiday i like . no family to join . enjoy !
eat up ! but its kind of late for spicy food hard on the stomach . goodnight
i am great ! how are you ?
that is good . i am working on my masters while working at the local coffee brew . you ?
do you play games or work ?
what do you do for work ?
criminal justice . i want to be a detective .
ya . i grew up reading crime novels
i am good hope you are well
i usually like to do yoga or walking
my mother was teaching ballet when my father left
well i do have a lot of cats now
do you like tatoos ? i love to draw
do they let you have a beard ?
how about a mustache ? is that okay
i have a very thin one right now
hello i am great , just watching tv . how are you
i like binging on tv ! right now it is dexter . what do you enjoy watching
what do you do for work
i do not have a job right now , probably because i watch too much tv
well i live with my mom , we are very close . a lot of frozen burritos
those are my favorite food , really . i know it sounds weird .
sometimes i hike , i like anything outside . what do you like to do
oh yes , well you can get online and chat i reckon
hi , i am great . just wrapped my last movie as an extra
that would be nice . i am only doing it because i want to be a writer .
you would love my identical twin brothers . i love to create art by painting them
i write songs as i am a talented singer
traveling is nice . i have won several singing competitions on the road
one of my brothers is like that too
i wrote a story about a choir . maybe i will use church voice as the title
oooh , i wonder . do you like to have friends over ?
what do you mean my good sir ?
well , i am about 6 feet tall . i love food
haha i hear that . i love the opera
i really love classical music . especially when i smoke a joint
ha . missing out man . my fav car is a bentley
i go to paris often . i love the cars in paris
lets go one day , i can show you all the sites in paris
what color is your hair ? i just got back from a run .
sounds like fun . yes , a runner . i like to listen to creed while i run .
no , not dieting . i eat a lot of meat ! tell me about your dog .
sounds healthy . i do not eat that well lately since i lost my job .
computer programmer . then my dad went to prison , and i got depressed and could not focus .
that sounds hard ! i went on welfare last month . are things better for you now ?
thanks ! you take care , too !
pretty good , but i definitely need some tlc for my hygiene
car broke down in the woods and i was stranded
impressive , can you fix the car ?
and for some odd reason i have a hard time digesting shrimp will make great friends
nope . i am afraid of heights !
i cry over my appearance i look like a skeleton
that is vintage ! which time period are you from ?
it makes me chew on my nails when i watch it
i wish i could afford to make pie , i cant even afford the utility bills
my neighbor next door has a garden , i babysit for her sometimes
yes , do you have a car ? i have to take the bus
you grow anything yellow in your garden ?
i am sorry to hear that . you know what cheers me up ?
man i wish i could try those ! seriously anything yellow is my favorite
i see . maybe i should take up sewing as i cant afford clothing
i am doing great just moved in to a new apartment close to my job
i enjoy all kinds of music and you ?
oh nice i just got accepted as an elementary school teacher
i teach 4th graders at the moment
at which point in your educational career do you fall ?
yes sorry possibly could have worded that a little better .
i am 6 feet tall exactly
haha yeh that is a little shorter but it is ok .
it was a pleasure chatting with you .
nothing much . relaxing and listening to some chainsmokers ! how are you ?
nice way to spend the weekend . do you have any hobbies ?
no risk , no reward ! i prefer sports . tennis is my poison !
i love seafood . i travel to the caribbean a lot and have the best food .
do you see them a lot ?
wow ! i wish i saw my dad more . he has an offshore oil job
yeah , its pretty dangerous but pays well . what do you do for work ?
wow nice . i am just an lumberjack out here in the world .
oh nice . i have a huge ax . i can cut the trees down super fast .
i bet . i like to fish maybe i can become a fisherman one day .
pancakes and syrup are my favorite foods . i eat them a lot .
my passion now is just cutting down a lot of trees . i love it .
yes . i guess he is kind of my role model .
well i am sure you will succeed . have any hobbies yourself ?
i am well , thank you ! i just got back from vacation , my fave !
vermont ! but now back to the grind , the semester starts tomorrow
i am a culinary college student , wow law school , do you like it ?
wow , that is a lot . what do you do for fun ?
sounds great except for scotch , i would rather eat my calories than drink them
i travel when i can . . i love to see other places .
believe it or not , canada . i like the cold , cold food , cold weather etc
my mom moved to toronto when my parents got divorced so i go a lot
fine trying to curve my sweet tooth ice cream or candy
i need to keep away from sweets i am getting married soon
you should its not huge i am a nanny so maybe 200 people
i am the middle child of 3 and only my sister is coming
i hate being middle
yep it stinks the most i do not know what end i would want to be
i am a secretary at a law firm
yeah when people do not bark back
not bad , just eating some chocolate . i love it
i work at a small , family run restaurant . you ?
nice , is it stressful at all ?
that is a bummer hopefully you have time for friends and family at least
boston . i am a diehard celtics fan too
chocolate probably . i cannot get enough of it
just home from work . i think i will keep my suit and tie on .
i feel most comfortable this way . what kind of band ? smooth jazz is great .
we need mechanics . i am a broker on wall street , myself .
what kind of job ? are you also in nyc ?
jazz , i hope . my poodle , nanette , purrs when she hears jazz .
it may seem odd that a dog purrs , but that is how much she likes it .
yes , it requires an upper level of comprehension , i suppose .
i also have a cat named nanette , so i sometimes get them confused .
hey . i am fine . how are you ?
oh i love reading . i work at a book store ! what do you do ?
good for you living long and stuff . do you have any hobbies ?
i love going to art museums . i also write short stories when i have time .
it is my dream to be a published author one day . so who knows !
thanks ! so do you have a favorite food or snack ?
oh , like the bible ! cool . i really like tea . i drink a lot of it .
jean , i am bobby . nice to meet you .
finished law school at the top of my class , got married and now have a baby girl
is that true ? are you lazy and are you really poor ?
you should probably divorce her and move on . you sound like a great person .
i know what you mean , i also love my wife . she is the love of my life !
you as well , jean ! keep up the good work .
hi . i am good thanks . do you have any plans this weekend ?
cool . i m probably going to watch some ufc and maybe take a long drive somewhere
okay , i ll give them a listen . what type of music do you like best ?
i like hearing music from different cultures cause i love traveling
that s a good question . i can t really choose honestly . do you have a job ?
i have a factory job . what type of games do you like to play ?
what was your major ? i like cardigans do you ?
why not they are cute , my last name is sanchez , i say lol
oh no how long you been down ?
what you scared of ? heard i got my smarts from my dad who i hate .
yea that might be true , i lie about my last name lol
i guess really smart i never met him
that last name is true but i say it is italian lol
i do not know him , like programming ?
good . and you ? i am just eating some stake
that is fun ! my grandpa was just over last night . he was in the war
i do . i have two sisters . do you ?
kind of . i am not sure if air hockey is a sport
i do , but only when it is cold . i do not like hot weather
i am so sorry , but i am not good at using contractions yet !
well , i like going to movies , but no god ones lately
i have a swimming appointment on that day
no i eat everything and purples my favorite color
no iona little house now
no but i have dogs that i love so much
i own my own house now
swimming is what i do too just like you
yes i do have darts and i like them
i am good how are you ?
yeah i do but i mix it with fruits and veggies a lot
well i am a personal trainer so i stay healthy and meat is healthy
so do i but that is not going to stop me from fishing on weekends
we eat a lot of meat in las vegas
yes it is but the city is not bad
i am doing pretty good ! how about yourself ? you from the uk ?
oh , i took my girlfriend down under last year . you grill em best out back .
shrimp , steaks , fish , you name it . some of the best food on earth !
love em . some of the guys in my unit have some really nice cars . bu ?
you jet ski ? i met some guys in germany who were big into jet skiing .
oh , that is impressive . my dads in the elks and he is in a club like that .
oh , i love it . what are you fishing for out there ?
i have never had shark . next time we come down , maybe . take it easy !
pretty good thanks and you ?
what do yu do for work
what do yu do for work
i do cooking stuff mostly
i am not sure really . and you ?
nope i seem to be lost
i am good . how are you ?
do you have any hobbies ? i drive a motorcycle .
oh cool . i have over 10 tattoos .
oh . they really were not that bad .
black i guess . what about you ?
oh . do you have any pets ?
i have two dogs and one cat .
i work part time at the abc store .
fantastic . just baked a 3 layer red velvet cake . my favorite ! how about you ?
chatting is a good way to kill some time . the internet is a great time waster .
do you live in a bad area ?
me too . i had to relocate for my new job .
hopefully there is no meat on those trucks .
it is that time of year . i do not like the cold .
that was big of home . does he live by you now ?
i am a little bored . how about you ?
i am not working right now so i lounge on the couch a lot ?
lol , i used to eat a lot to but i am trying to cut back .
sounds fun ! i take my new puppy , a golden retriever to the park a lot .
they are . he whines a lot like me . . lol . . but i love him !
oh cool ! that must of been a sight to see !
lol . . that would be cool to see . i watch a lot of reality shows .
anyone can have a future as long as they work hard
hi not much enjoying the weather on the lake
yes i would love the company i also go to the cabins alone
not too far i dock my boat by my house with my grandsons
i have 4 my sons all had 1 son
lol
i have 1 grand daughter she is rotten , i am retired i am in the seniors club
i am doing good . how about you ?
yes , totally agree with you . i have worked a long day today .
delivery driving . how about you ?
i guess i have to type more words . lol marco polls pizza
i am sick of pizza . i am sick of food . i want to try new things .
yes , totally agree with you . i think the world gets bored as well .
yep , totally . what brings you on the chat tonight ?
that sounds like a fun trip ! where do you live ? i am in texas .
cool ! do you have any siblings ? i have a sister , mary she is older .
got ya , i was a premature baby and now have a broken leg
yes this broken leg is agitating !
i love green beans especially the french style !
yes and they are so good , they are the canned kind .
what kind of vegetables do you like ?
just being lazy for a bit . too tired to keep cleaning right now
same . well . that and movies . i constantly have cartoons going in the background
trolls now . earlier was little mermaid . if i had my way it would be some ghibli . . .
yes ! i am an anime fan .
sounds like it . what part of the world are you in ?
i live in idaho . po ta toes lol
yes ! i am glad you caught that reference !
i am good . i just got home from swimming . i love to swim . you ?
anything good ? i am looking for dog treats . i love my dogs . i love all dogs .
boston terrier . i get her everything purple , my favorite color . do you have dogs ?
where are you from ? what do you do for fun ?
i love got . i like to listen to my favorite band , worn . do you like ?
yes ! you have good taste in show and movies .
what do you order at starbucks ? i love coffee and vegetables .
that is awesome . being vegan means i better like veggies a lot .
i love antique stores . i love tacos and eat them at least once a week .
yum , but i like jersey mike subs .
being from france , i sure do like american food . no figurines .
buying figurines ? i draw on the weekends . it is so relaxing .
did your dog eat it ?
i am good . about to go fishing .
oh , i live in north carolina .
i am retired . i am 70 .
i worked for an electric company . now i enjoy my grandkids !
i have five of them !
i am ! two girls and three boys .
how old is your grandson ?
that is great , do you have any siblings ?
my lab work depends on it !
what kind of dog ? my two brothers have golden retrievers
i love animals that is why i am a vegan .
i try not to listen to my neighbors talk much , but i enjoy a good snooze .
do you think that love at first sight exists ? and that is funny
i love you , we locked eyes and i knew you were the one .
i like musicals and movies about music . my favorite show is the voice .
i love music . my other interest is swimming .
yes but not the overly violent ones .
i am in the navy .
i am on assignment and cannot say where .
with my family at home . i miss them .
i am doing great thanks . what do you do ?
oh awesome ! i am talking a year off before i start college .
yeah i am only 18 so i still living with the parents . . . lame .
sorry to hear that . do you have a car ?
i bet , i am still trying to save up for my first !
your parents sound great . have they been split up for long ?
just make money doing odd jobs .
sure . i just got my two kids to bed .
i will make tacos . my favorite .
what do you do for a living ?
i am a technician at an animal clinic .
i doubt it . do you have facebook ? i love social media .
oh , are you from argentina ?
i am from nc . we have hot summers but i love them .
yes , steak is my favorite .
hi ! good ! fall is almost here my second favorite season next to spring
i think i do . bad things happen to me all the time
i am not much of a reader . i am more into competition
nope not at the moment . i would not mind some fish
you are funny ! i like fish with blue eyes like me
it sounds like it could be an interesting comparison to make
hello , i am good . how are you ?
me either . its the only time i do not have to wear scrubs . i am a nurse .
awe . if i can ever help , please let me know .
i draw and paint so i could make birthday signs for her .
i do . i can bring them over in my 4x4 , that should haul everything .
nursings great . our scrubs are blue , which i love and it paid off my house
no , i do not have to unless i want . we get to choose out shifts .
i am doing okay . meeting my friends in a little while . love being a social butterfly
i do indeed . meet them all at college and when i swim
wish i had time for that . i do exercise every day though
swim , run , those types of things , but then i always eat big meals so . . . haha
just about everything . i eat a lot
what else do you love ?
do you have any animals ?
cool , what are their names ?
doing great , i just finished a hike
i do not play an instrument . i am more a nature girl
what would you call your band
my boyfriend and i are going out to eat tonight actually
we love to eat out . its hard to come home from work and cook
i like italian too . i think garlic bread should be served at every meal
just an office job but it pays the bills
i like blue , what is your best color ?
i am well . how are you ?
i can understand that . i spend most of my days sleeping !
i love my bed . its my favorite place in my house .
that is always good . i prefer staying home .
i am not all that social . where do you like to go ?
that sounds exciting . what else do you like to do ?
i love photography . i want to get a nice camera one day .
i am newly single as of recent . how are you ?
i think she was sick of my low salary working as an art teacher .
no i cann not smell you . should i be able to ?
that sounds like it could make a good book ! i am into literature .
what do you do for your job ?
what do you like to do for fun ?
maybe it is all the fries getting into your head
i wonder how it would taste if you were cannibalized
oh , me too ! yummy ! i like popcorn too ! always get it at the movies .
no , i love movies . my parents used to take us to the movies a lot .
i am in college now . my brother and i loved superheros when we were little .
ok . do you have any hobbies ?
i tried it once , but did not enjoy it .
nice ! i was thinking and i remember i sewed a cape once in the past .
i used to like wearing capes when my brother and i played superheros .
hey . how are you doing this evening ?
right on dude ! i am gonna hit up the casino tomorrow and party !
i do not at the moment . but i would like to go back one day
i went to the grocery store to buy apples earlier but my credit card was declined
my paycheck has not gone through . its pretty awful i love apples
i sling rocks . rocks in my socks . what about yourself ?
nice . i just applied at a pizza place myself . its been nice talking to you
right on ! i do love to party . i do not party as much as i would like to though .
that would be great . i love the stones .
i think i will buy a ticket to chicago and go shopping . i love to spend money .
i am so excited . thanks for going with me .
i am five foot four . i think tall people look funny . maybe i am shallow .
i am sure you do not look funny .
of course not . i am thinking about getting a dog but it is so much commitment .
i have a secret . at night i eavesdrop on my neighbors arguments .
i am good i just got home to my siberian husky
oh that is not good i just came home from michigan state trooper training
i am married to a great girl named sabrina
well i do not have any kids but i do play some pretty good guitar
about 3 years now i am not bad
that is great i can also sing and i have quite the sweet tooth
omg lol what kind of dogs do you have
i enjoy taking my dog out for walks , he introduced me to my first two wives lol
i am not . woman over look me as i am only 5 ft tall
only to the fridge for my coffee creamers . . right now i have 5 flavors to choose from
are you married ? if not maybe we should go to dinner how do you like your steak ?
that is so sweet of you ! so medium rare steaks for two ?
i guess i could be convinced to run for more than coffee lol
that does not sound like a bad idea at all . can my dog come too
her name is molly and she loves kids . what are your nephews names
how old are they ? i have always wanted children it just did not work out for me
how long is there father deployed for ?
that is amazing ! i bet you are so proud . is he your brother then ?
are there any animals you are afraid of ? i would imagine that would make work hard lol
oh wow i do not think i would have been able to take care of that pet
great ! just hanging out with my family and friends . you ?
all the time . my favorite thing is to watch sports with them
i like to watch it but not play it
i just like to watch it . i am not really a physical person
no favorite foods really . what about you ?
tomatoes are pretty weird . do you have any passions ?
hey that is a great thing . i want to start a business these days
sure , who and where is it ?
ll you do not even know ?
are you gonna pick me up ?
he is potty trained right ?
i have two dogs , both potty trained
do you think they will get along
better if i can get these texas cows in the barn
nope i am just from texas , yeah duh
i love baking cow patties and riding horses
i love the rose , it my favorite flower ever
my mom is a retired teacher she could teach you
how to milk the cow silly , be nice , i am corn fed
i am in decatur texas , i am a redneck with a pay check
it is my day off work , feeling lazy .
a grill cook . maybe selling cars would be for me too . a second job .
i want to someday own my own restaurant .
running ! ! and what about you hm ?
no not really . would you paint me ?
good . i would want you to paint me while i eat .
yes . pizza for everyone . or for us at least .
will you cook me dinner ?
hello , i am fine , you
i have to stay in alot sometimes too , i have allergies .
do you have a job ?
i work in a hospital , i keep it organized , i can not stand clutter .
do you have any family , kids ?
does she live with you ?
she must take good care of you .
that is nice to have someone
super ! everything is just great . . you ?
well , let me cheer you up ! your amazing ! you got this ! ! !
your welcome , i drank happy juice this morning with my happy meal
or car salesmen ! lol a gave a bowl to my dad haha
help my dad at his dealership , for fun i cook , fish , and walk my dogs
pretty good , its nice to have a balance of indoor outdoor
you should pick up a hobby that helps you de stress .
you should get me a ticket when you have your first show !
hi , i am doing very well , thank you . watching greys anatomy .
they probably do . do you play any instruments ? i am in marching band .
i like art , but music is my passion . my mom is my best friend .
do you have to have everything scheduled ? i can not stand to have surprises .
my mom attempted to homeschool me , i needed more advanced work .
i have six dogs and four cats .
we live on a farm , otherwise i could only have one each .
those are cute . we do not have little dogs .
going well . you like sports ? i am more of a reader .
i enjoy memoirs . i can relate to stories about families .
i have a small family , but they are so important to me .
nice ! after my near death experiences , i just know whats important .
yeah , sometimes i drive a little too fast . . .
scary ! i really should learn my lesson .
i try . how about you ?
that is good to hear . i like making friends too !
enjoying the weather . its like sunny and 75 where i am at .
nah we just had a hurricane though . do you work ? any hobbies ?
really ? i just finished painting a closet .
cool what kind of things do you paint ? landscapes ? figures ? abstract ?
oh that is cool i know a few painters . you have any kids ?
i am married . no kids though
i kind of do not . they are messy . whatever . any plans today ?
oh , did he just have a birthday ?
oh would you and your son like to volunteer at the animal shelter with me ?
you sound busy . i work at the local library . lots of petitions signed out front .
me too ! want to go eat italian and compare notes about helping animals .
okay great . i have a concert to attend tomorrow but friday ?
we could do both . food and concert .
yes . would your son like to go too ?
hello ! i am sarah ! country is my favorite music . lol
a big ole truck ! no other way to ride . and you ?
of 7 . i have a ford f250 ! pure black . such a beaut !
yet you do not like country music ? monster ! haha !
haha ! where are you from ? i live in ny .
small world ! i have never been to ri . do you like it ?
hi , savannah . i need some advice . whats the best haircolor that men like on women ?
i am a brunette but i think that is why i am still unmarried . i think i need change .
that is sounds good . i will set an appointment if i manage to wake up early
well my favorite time of year is coming up . i really like the fall
is his team any good ?
how long have you been married ?
well i wish you many more years . i cannot wait til i get married .
i would like to give it a try anyway . i think the highlights will help .
fine and how is your day ?
at the supermarket , produce , i love to cook .
of course , i love to learn new things
gosh that must really be hard , what kind of work do you do ?
gosh , that is living the dream . i want to open a bakery .
do you have any hobbies ?
that was an adventure i bet .
i am a teenager who loves anime and i role play with friends
kinda , but it is really fun when we go to comic con !
do you like any flavors of iced coffee in particular ?
i think shrimp and lobster tea would be weird !
where do you get drinks like that ?
do lobsters live in the lake ? i know there are a lot in maine
do you guys have concerts for your band ?
i am doing alright . and you ?
what kind of sermon ?
faith can be a beautiful thing .
what do you do for work ?
how can an app save the world ?
wow ! that would be good . nutrition organic food is important .
i am an english teacher .
yes . i love to read and write . it keeps me inspired .
hello how are you today ?
i am doing great thanks
the weather is lovely ! what are your hobbies ?
i like reading suspense novels
what is your favorite food ?
i really like to eat pizza
i like breaking bad , you ?
hi
oh well you are in luck , i just got engaged . honesty and communication is key
its not about picking . the right guy will come along at the right time
its not a hobby but more of a secret talent . i can recite the alphabet backwards
oh no , i am horrible at it . i prefer to watch rather than play
the gym is great for distressing . i have a lot of stress right now
not much interesting . . a normal guy who love to ski
where are you from now ?
i am from boston ma . . . how is the irma stuff going in florida ? ?
i had a friend in houston . . it was prettybad with last once
is everything fine with your place ?
lol . . . that is not cool . . hm
i like ur attitude . . good luck
hey i am steve ! who are you ? i love cooking !
yes i do . i have a family in cape hatteras , nc . my parents are retired .
well most of the time i stick to my passions .
i am a microbiologist by education .
but for a living i love to fish .
my dad and i started years ago .
we did everything together starting out the family business .
i love music and ed sheeran is the best .
wow that is interesting . i watch what i eat to stay lean .
comedies are great especially the romantic ones .
poetry is good also i write some when i have time .
when busy try to choose health conscious foods .
yes that is a good way to stay busy .
that would be a sad time .
i am so sorry for your loss .
i am doing good and yourself ?
i use to drink pepsi back when i was a wild child .
ah , i get my 2 dogs faux chocolate cookies . one is a pit the other a bulldog .
well , i have blue and red capes for them . my 2 fav . colors .
i have a ran 4 . its awesome !
not sure but if i was him i would go to puerto rico or ireland nd explore .
well , i like being in the country but like city life too
the city i think . i like technology .
i really want to go to rome but i have no one to go with .
it is amazing . i am obsessed . my deadbeat dad lives there but we do not talk .
not really . i just lik to wear my combat boots in my babydoll dress .
yes . either my style or my flirting helped me pass my driving exam .
i only care that i did not fail . were you a fan of kurt cobain ?
his death marred me in middle school
no , i wish i had known him though
i know what you mean but i have to disagree
well , some of my classes are not going so well
is that hard for you ? i mean , the perfection ?
come out late because you wanted everything done a certain way ?
well , do you like nature ? you could go where it is secluded
is that a part of your ocd ? i mean working a lot like that
that is ok , and it is good !
what project do you have to do ?
less than i weak sounds bad ! i am just listening to some electronic music !
doing good buddy . where are you living ?
i am in a hospital , very sick . it is not good man .
thank you ! i need it . i live on the edge of death . can you help ?
oh is she about to pop ? play some backstreet boys at the birth for me ?
oh you have a very large wife ? give her cheese , yum .
you are a lucky man . i need to eat my medicine every 6 hours , or else .
yeah , that horse should use protection . do you have a car ?
i am doing well , how about you ?
whew ! i cannot handle liquor like you . i mostly drink beer and wine .
for sure . what do you study ?
wow , that is really cool !
ah , i work the graveyard shift at a hotel . but i am saving up for college .
i am trying to save up so i do not have to take out loans .
that is very wise . do you live somewhere where it snows ?
i am great thank you , i am currently enjoying the sunset .
i live on the west coast on the edge of the rocky mountains .
it really is , i enjoy shooting pictures of the sunrise and sunset .
i am in the legal profession . criminal defense lawyer , i am a busy person . lol
that is quite a drive for work .
what do you make there ? cars , boats , planes or goods and sprockets ?
i do not have any kids but i do fly planes on occasion .
wow , you must be excited and proud !
late night here too , had an argument with my boyfriend of 10 years
i cope by cuddling my cat , her name is cow
i do not really listen to music , what is your favorite song by u2 ?
u2 reminds me of how chalk feels , not very pleasant . . .
which team is your team ?
i do not like sports at all
i like the group fallout boy
a little bit heavier , mostly pop
hola amigo . happy halloween , soon .
a slutty nurse , and my dog will be a cat . you ?
geddy lee ! i like rush too , makes me hungry to listen to it .
i dance to it . or i ride my bicycle . where do you work ?
me either . i lay in a field and see the shapes in the sky all day . you ?
i eat mushrooms and watch the clouds . we can hang out .
laughing out loud now , it is a secret . my dof allie will get mad at me .
me too . what else do you like ?
yo wassup ? i have been obsessed with got . are you familiar ?
i read a lot . harry potter series , and got mostly .
lol , that is cool . are you familiar with the red wedding in got ?
at most got weddings someone gets killed , lol . but not all .
did you ever watch walking dead ?
one wedding i think . glen and the farmers daughter got married .
not really . that wedding was several seasons ago . do not worry !
i am not sure . perhaps season 3 or 4 . do you know the character glen ?
i am great what do you enjoy doing ?
i can cook quite well and i love painting . i am also a student now .
i am more of a cooking student . what about you are you a student ?
oh what do you sell ?
do you sell the games you like to play ? or boring stuff ? !
i like cookies ! and ice cream ! and i hope my metabolism stays fast forever .
my favorite things to make are cookies and pasta . i do make them a lot .
that is nice i just finished selling my all my bibles door to door
the bible book is my favorite one to sell to my clients door to door
i also sell them at craft shows on the weekends after working as a barista
the weekend craft shows also my addiction to design jewelry when i can
i am sick of the darn nasty apartment i live in with my no so boyfriend
only with cockroaches and mice like mine
i am a little tired from my job at a power plant .
power plant worker for money and read books for fun . bu ?
i just spilled my spaghetti in my new chevy . i love spaghetti .
yes i do . how about you ?
my mom died so i moved to california .
she liked spaghetti also .
a city where there was a lot of spaghetti . now not so much spaghetti .
did i mention i love to read ? can you read ?
hi , its going well . and you ?
me too . tell me a little about yourself
nature is so beautiful , people should appreciate it more
i am from kansas and i lost my job as a farmhand , unfortunately
i am thinking about buying my own land elsewhere . whats your job ?
haha wish i could do the same !
i have not looked too much into it but maybe down south
interesting , i should definitely look down there
hello . do you like animals ?
i have horses , pigs and hens on my farm .
country music is another hobby of mine .
i like the classics . i also like motorcycles but do not have one .
i work on my farm and that is my livelihood .
i never eat meat . i am a vegan . no judgment , though .
sweet . i am hanging at starbucks waiting on some friends to go antique hopping .
o wow , how did you manage that ?
sweet . good luck . i am hoping to score some sweet tchotchkes today .
just a boring office job , 9 5 . at least there is a subway next door for lunch .
i am trying to get cat figurines from every state . my cat loves them .
holy cow ! i bow down to you . you rock . cancer really sucks .
nope , just a sister . and i am single now .
hi ! no that has never happened to me .
wow . i have lost a important piece of jewelry at a fancy society gathering .
sad to say no . i was able to replace it with family funds .
that is awesome ! my dog would not like to go skiing with me .
the only thing i am afraid of is falling out of the chair at the nail salon .
no not often but sometimes they offer wine and i have a liking for wine .
not working allows me to have a few glasses at the salon each week .
i also color my hair . i have to keep up with my trust fund status .
i am good do you have pets
that is great i have a parrot so i cant really go on walks with my pets lol
it sounds so hard i do not think i would be good at it
cool do you like to cook
ah i am a professional chef
anything french i love rich foods
i am good , how are you ?
i work for a local law firm , which keeps me pretty busy , how about you ?
i enjoy eating baked goods , but then i have to exercise it off .
i do not , do you ?
so you are bald with a big beard too , like me ?
twins was my favorite movie in the 80s , big fan of comedies myself
i love em . what else do you enjoy doing in your spare time ?
that is okay . i hear short people make the best cookies
i am great , just had a nice vegan lunch . you ?
cool . i got two cats , sally and ally
nice . i am a veterinarian , what do you do ?
wow ! ! ! that had to be scary
it may be your calling to be a ghost hunter
i think i would like it lol
that is how you can face your fears
fine . thank you . how are you
oh good . i like ballet .
my mother ballerina is so good
yes i do like it and my whole family supports me
so i want to spend my rest of the life after 6 months
yes ballet is good and hope you enjoy jazz
i know ballet and ballet only .
i wish to retire after six months and spend more time for it
i am good , trying to relax .
that is great . i am still recovering from my broken arm .
i had a ski accident . i do ski racing .
no . i guess i spent too much time skiing . do you ?
oh that makes a merry group .
i have a loving family and might want one for myself one day .
boy , teenagers ! you must be having some fun !
ah ha ! enjoy while you can !
hi , i am good . how are you ?
oh yea cooking is cool . so is hiking and living in vermont .
i have travelled to twelve national parks this year alone .
that is too bad , do you work too much ?
i hope you can too . my dad is like that .
that would be nice , i am retired . i am activist . environmental
thank you , i do . i also mountain bike , what do you do ?
i like rap music , i love all kinds of music actually since i love to sing
my favorite song is jenny by nothing more
i was going to sing it at a talent show i auditioned for
funny ! i was accepted but i was too shy and did not go
i wish i could but i am too shy !
like that did ? i bet you are a good rapper !
that is a funny name ! do you rap for a living ?
beets , bear battlestar galactica , which is best ?
wrong , its beets , also battlestar is the best televsion show .
paper , sales , its what i do , salesman , also beets .
not if its about beet farms , where i live .
my best friend is a bear , bear do not have friends , that is why they are my favourite
false , wedding have not had torches since the 18th century
battlestar galactica , my favourite show had a dog , it was a robot
so good ! are you married ? i am about to propose to my girl tonight .
my girl is due to have a baby in three months . i am so excited .
a girl ! i wanted one so bad .
that is the name of the principal of the school i just interviewed at !
yes ! i am now a coach at the school ! what do you do ?
oh , awesome ! do you like it ?
aw , lol . what do you do for fun ?
spend time with my girl , go hiking , camping . outdoors stuff .
hi ! i am a makeup artist .
i like to play black desert online .
my favorite makeup is urban decay . pops really great colors .
my favorite color is purple .
i really like doing special effects makeup as well .
my favorite cars are old classics .
i work with models mainly . been published
i like honda civics the most . used to own one .
great and good morning how are you
working and of course playing sports
i am an engineer and have been in two accidents
yes water and food are so important
yes they are i need fresh air
yes and i need some tv in my life
any thing that involves mysteries
hi there . i am doing ok . i just finished cooking a delicious meal .
i work from home . its an it company .
yeah . what do you do ?
sweet . you must be in shape . i love cheer .
i was a cheerleader for many years . i am a soccer mom now .
two children ages 12 and 14 .
hi , hunting is fun . i love to run very fast !
i am great , how are you ?
yummy . i love mexican food , but i never eat vegetables
me either . i am very strong though , even without the veggies
where are you from ? and how old ? i am just a baby
lol i do not know about lifting a truck ! that is extreme .
i turned out to be very tall for my young age though
i am really good . dealing with a bit of knee pain but other than that . . .
oh congratulations on your pregnancy . my knee is has metal in it
i do not have a horse but i do have a bird and 3 dogs !
what kind of birds ? mine is a parrot
i would absolutely love that . my family would too
i bet you miss him a lot . my husband and i play bingo together
i hope he does soon ! do you like any music ?
i absolutely adore jazz music . i have my whole life
pretty good besides my back killing me . what about you ?
diets are pretty awful . i like to think of them as lifestyle changes
what things are you passionate about doing ?
i am an activist . i like to speak up for what is right
thank you ! its great to be appreciated . i think of myself as an old soul
haha i definitely feel you . my back pain is chronic
i am doing great . just practicing
the guitar just for fun
i work at mcdonalds and burger king
no i will eat them all
what is the itis ? i am not familiar
that sounds sad and depressing
i like to eat cheeseburgers
that is a great way to keep the weight away
hi , i would love to go swimming , i started at a very young age
i got to see kid rock at a casino , he is my favorite singer
i have a masters degree , and that is pretty amazing since i am female
accounting , i love the color purple it makes me so happy
i have been married for 3
haha i am really not a big drinker
that is impressive , i just like to swim and listen to kid rock
its almost my favorite season
i just hope my mom is not baking alot of bread .
i do not eat it , when i could walk a friend bought
ll i cant , a friend got me a car before .
really ? a toyota . i love pineapple juice vitamin c
yuck you are nasty lol lol eat it when sick then lol
hi there i am a mother of 3 wonderful children and i am a elementary teacher
do you enjoy djing my children and i garden alot .
could you get a service dog to help you instead
do you live near the city ? i do and it is rough getting around .
wow it must be nice . i hate living in the suburbs
suburbs of pittsburgh i would love to move though
it has finally cooled off here . i assume its sunny in california
i am guy and i play the guitar for a living .
when i am not playing the guitar i am working on my welding career .
oh i am gay but my parents think i am just a sissy ,
none i am going to tell them i only eat meat i do not like vegetables .
do godlike video games i do ?
yeah sometimes . i am going to come out of the closet one day .
i am great ! how about you ?
i like over over analyze everything including my friends . and you ?
extremely . oh , i love the movies i go with my sons .
my husband had a dog before he passed . he loved heavy metal just like me !
some days are harder than others . what do you do for fun ?
what a nice place to live ! i sell makeup to bring in extra money .
about as much as you like your new home !
my dog used to love treats especially cheese .
my evening is good just spending time with my cats
oh nice what did they sing ?
oh okay cool ! ! no siblings but cats are my siblings i have 10 and you ?
lol ! ! ! yeah i got ya ! ! i will be leaving them tommorow though , new job ! ! ! !
i am going to be pet grooming and driving cars i like them alot ! ! !
oh nice does he teach you ? do you travel ? traveling is great ! !
lol that is funny ! you should travel ! its fun ! i like buses trains cars and plans
i know right ! one time i got put in first class for free ! all the cookies ! yum !
no i drink just water .
i am retired from the navy .
that sounds like fun . do you have any hobbies ?
oh . i really like to garden .
oh , i live in nc . grew up in ky though .
oh . what did you go for ?
oh . i had thought about becoming a teacher once .
oh . it is a great opportunity .
hows it going on your end of cyberspace ?
i am trying to round up some cash for a procedure i need done .
i need to get my gall bladder removed .
i talked to my girlfriend about it , but she does not really understand .
well , its tough , but i love her all the same .
what do you talk with her about ?
where are you singing at a bar ?
what kind of store do you work at
that is cool how long have you worked there
where do you live i want to move
that sounds like fun i live in a bad part of town i hate it
are you looking for a roommate
that sounds great i love shopping i am very image conscious
hello
i am in the navy .
i bet that is a rewarding job !
i have 9
yes but i wa not more !
of course i can
i like riding my bike and weight lifting . you ?
no i am an only child ? do you ?
i bet that was loads of fun
i would love to travel but i am saving for a new house
i am a lead executive at a tech firm and you ?
it is that is why after i pay for my home , i am going to something easier
maybe . are you married ? kids ?
that seems like a good plan
good morning i am doing ok i have a science test today hope i pass
its a chemistry exam i am a biology major at boston college
that is awesome sounds so fun and rewarding . do you focus on animals
that is so interesting ! do you like to read ?
i love the book 1984 i have read it many times
yeah i love the writing style and genre
i am tired from baking and you ?
how fun , where you going ?
tent or cabin camping ?
maybe i will bake you a horse cake
yes i can i made on of david copperfield once
yes , and his book is awesome
yes , you should .
no , but i tap dance .
i am great , just put two of the kids to bed .
i am an animal doctor .
playing fetch with my three dogs .
that is cool , the husband likes them better than i do
i help the hubby with his law practice .
meat lovers is always the best choice .
i love pizza , who does not like it ?
i am doing better now . just had a mild asthma attack
thank you , i enjoy dance way too much and i just over did it
i think it has something to do with being 6 feet tall
i am good at running and was a hockey player . do i suit the position ?
then maybe i will apply !
what else do you enjoy ?
nice , how many do you have ?
tiring , wanted to word in the garden but the rain is a barrier
i guess so . . . . i should order my dinner . . . . it is sushi night . . . love sushi
you can run on a treadmill ?
dragons . . . can you elaborate on that ?
okay . . . . i like drawing dragons . . . . that is the only way that i see them .
being a new aarp member , i spend a lot of time drawing
one day maybe i will get them in a showing
do not know kayak . . . is that an online thing . . . . .
great , trying to get thru the day without coffee
no , but i am a financier so i am boring
not really , do you own a home or do you rent ?
i walk to work alot
love antiques , just rented a new apartment need furniture
flea markets are great too
same , great finds , specially in old new england
knitting ! hiking , beagles , the ocean , reef keeping
i am good you ? just painting right now that i got some time .
aw so sweet ! where are you guys from ?
oh ! yeah i am from london , but now in vienna with my boyfriend .
well there is still always now .
i see . maybe traveling then ? enjoy your life
aw what a shame .
i bet they do ! i want children some day .
not yet , but we have been together for 7 years .
hi ! a little worried the landlord is rasing my rent . how are you ?
what do you study ? i studied law at law school , but baking is really my thing
what do you like to do for fun ?
you must have a good imagination ! what kind of pies do you like ?
that is because you have not tried my pecan pie ! everyone says its the best !
you have ti try it ! tell me another fun fact about you
hey , i have got ferraris in my garage , three of em !
well my dad was a very famous actor !
drug cartel . i am not a fan of acting at all
kids are not something i like , i hunt them for sport and giggles !
3 ferraris in your garage is my measure of success , not 2 or 4 , 3
canada ? my dad , he was an actor in canada
kids movies , i hate kids
i really hate acting , i just do not like it
i am doing great , how about yourself ?
yes i do , i love to run , what are your hobbies ?
interesting , you are what exactly ?
oh i see , yes running is fun . how many stamps do you have ?
all types , jazz , hip hop , r b , rock . yourself ?
haha a lot of people are fan of them
currently no , i used to play the violin . what are you good at ?
you have to love the instrument to become good at it , do you agree ?
i am good , and you ?
rollerblading . . . that sounds fun . . do you do it often ?
i like to sew and cook . i plant my own veggies and herbs in my garden
fresh is the best way to go .
no , but i always wanted to go and check it out .
do you know a good salon ? my hair is so hard to manage
no . . lol . . i still want some hair . . just maybe easier to manage
i am doing great . how was your day ?
i love the italian bmt . i got to hang out at the lake with some friends !
yea , 3 dogs names shifty , harley , medoc . you ?
www . what do you do for work ?
same i am an accountant by day , adventurer by night .
i hang out alot at the lake , so do some boarding hiking .
not a lot , it has been a long day . how about you ?
i do indeed ! what do you do ?
that is very cool . do you like working with family ?
i can imagine . any bad weather because of irma ?
that is good to hear . how long have you lived in texas ?
i am a teacher and a mom .
i only have one little boy , but he loves waterparks . best one ?
i know how you feel ! you should go anyway !
i am sure that you look better than you think !
great ! and you ?
i am headed to a football party too ! cooking some great stuff to take !
for sure ! who do you pull for ?
eagles ! my ex boyfriend loved the raiders too ! ; what type of office ?
nice ! i am not great with computers . . . more of a book girl myself .
i work in a publishing building , mostly magazines and such .
sometimes , but it is fast paced , which is fun . what do you do for fun ?
i love to cook ! i would spend all day in the kitchen if i could .
nice to meet you person one . i have lots of friends , so you will be fine .
that is what my girlfriends tell me before they begin to hate my guts .
no , because i am so athletic i have been beaten life into submission .
mostly in my bedroom , but i am often distracted by the girls i see outside .
i am athletic so most cities warp when i enter . it is tough to be nomadic .
i actually am studying accounting in school .
yeah , you should have been kicked out for touching people against their will .
i make much in bitcoin .
oh boy that is horrible where are you ?
oh nice australia is good are you in school there or do you have a career ?
i am studying to become a teacher
elementary i have a short temper but i will learn to deal with it
lol yes , what music do you like ?
indie music the early 2000s
i am cool . taking a little break from writing this song .
no , its how i make a living . gardening is cool . what do you plant ?
that is awful . sorry to hear that . music helps me get through a lot .
glad you have family ! i take formal lessons on saturdays , have since 5 years .
yes , i play rock but still take piano and violin . what do you cook ?
yum , i love to eat homemade food .
wow , i hope to learn to cook one day too and have dinners like that .
good . i am just relaxing at home . you ?
hope she is well . i was out today buying purple collars for my dogs .
baby ? are you pregnant perchance ?
ah . i understand now . sorry , i was distracted listening to worn .
ll ! there ya go ! lots of time exploring canada .
ha ! that is outstanding ! live the dream !
helo ! i am doing great . just restored a classic mustang
i am not sure , the paint is still drying .
i bet they would . probably my music as well
guitar and violin . i want to heal the world
it sure does . do you like to dance ?
that is too bad . i bet your kids would kove it .
do you have any pets ? we have four
no , i am not . but i will chat . hello !
it seems like you are a family person . i am also .
female . i am home with the farms , listening to jazz and resting my sore knee .
was in a car accident . metal put it back together . do you like bingo ?
my hubby and i play on wednesdays , just for fun . where are you ?
in ga . hoping to avoid irma . yes , dogs cats . i want to visit alaska !
hi aubrey are you single ? i am
i am currently buying my first home .
oh wow , where ? i paddle on my off days
i can come to the water an play you anything on my piano
really why ? what happened ? i think to nice sometimes
oh did he well enough of him come with me
yes i am i will dye mine too for you
ok , just winding down . i was drumming for the high school . you ?
it is . that and collecting flicks with my dad . we have over 600 of them .
right on ! that sounds fun !
over cards ? that is odd .
jeez . i want to do directing when i get older . for movies .
i am seventeen . i will be eighteen in march .
so everyone keeps telling me .
well that sounds cool if not for the fighting .
yes , i have to get up early to go to work
what type of work do you do ?
oh neat , do you travel for your work ?
nice . i wanted to be an actor when i was younger
no , i am just a baker now
i do not think that would be helpful
amazing i am working on my new mystery novel
yes i am a great author , whats your favorite color mines black .
what about food ? whats your favorite ?
i can eat anything just as long as there is no pickles on it
oh yuck i love tacos
classical , metal , dance , and jazz how about you ?
i have an iphone but i am thinking of upgrading
have you ever seen rick and morty ? its an awesome show .
pretty good , just getting ready to go to class . how about you ?
really ? i am still in school . i am almost finished with my degree .
education . i hope to get a job teaching kindergarten .
really ? i love that age group , they are still so sweet and fun to teach !
no , most of my spare time is taken by visiting art museums and dating .
that is awesome ! seems like you have the dream life . job , kids , and a wife .
i am good and you ?
how many do you have then ?
wow you should give me one
yeah they remind me of llamas
probably alpacas i wish i knew someone who had some
yeah so give me the alpacas or we will have a problem
well you should teach the alpacas to guard you
hi i am doing good glad its the weekend how are you
going to spend some time with my great grandkids
i am to old to hike i am in my seventy
i may try that it could help with my health . i mostly tend to my garden
its not for a lot of people i know someone that can kill a cactus
that sounds painful i am glad you are okay
i am fine . how about you ?
we are going scuba diving in the lake this morning . what are you doing today ?
glad you are studying english . it must be difficult learning english and living in a new culture .
i love dogs and have one , too . what kind of dog is titi ?
yes . my dog is a black and white boxer mix .
yes . i am a police officer in detroit .
eating my vegetables what about you ?
nice , i am about to go hiking , which i love to do
yes i like gambling too , but i was told it is a problem
nice . i go hiking to avoid gambling
i talk to my family on the phone a lot . what do you love to do
too bad , i love talking via the phone
not much , just to find new hiking places
i am doing quite swell what about you ?
nice i love my family especially my children
what do you do for a living ?
nice i tried to be an actor but i gave it up and instead pursued bakery
yes , but i want to retire soon
yes , i believe in that sincerely . how is work for you ?
do not push yourself too hard
doing something that you love makes life a lot easier
sure , do you know any rock songs ?
cool , is that your hobby ? my passion is food , love to eat and cook .
ok , that nice . i love to drive my fast car .
i work for a large phone company , go out with friends from work .
that would be great . i dream of owning a house and winning the lottery .
you are surely to love you new house .
i am sure i will love the house too .
not yet . i need to wait longer before i move .
wow , that is scary . lol . how are you scary ?
you know what is scary ? inheriting an appliance store ! refrigerators ! ! !
concerts , like music ? do you watch concerts on netflix ?
wow , that sounds like fun . and cheap , lol . i prefer foreign films on netflix .
i hear you . i run marathons too . . . they are no expensive at all .
starting is good . keep it up ! how far do you usually run ?
ok well , you gotta start somewhere , right ? people make me nervous . running is easier . . .
what are some of your favorite animals ? do you have pets ?
of course ! i own a candy shop . i will send you some candy . you like college football ?
that is pretty awesome . i played ball at ga . i still run about 2 miles a day now
do you enjoy working there ? are you married ?
yea i am . benn married a little over 5 years now
ahahah well that is some serious dedication my friend
i am in a band called cents . were pretty good . but we do not make much lol
its pop punk stuff . like blink 182 and a day to remmer
i am doing well and how about yourself ?
i just got done baking a pie what are you up to ?
strawberry fresh from my garden what are you listening to ?
awesome is to do photography back in the day with a lot of musicians
no i am a chef and i travel a lot for work
so what are you do for a living ?
am fine and how about you
i do not have any pet at home .
have two kids left under the care of their dad because am away .
went to meet our agent who manages our business branch in another state .
we go their as a family during summer times .
i love watching movies and designer shows .
ok but i m staying up because my next door neighbors are fighting again
i m not sure . both are scary actually . i think they are drug dealers
i can t . where i live snitches can get killed .
me too . it doesn t help my moms health either . she gets really stressed .
i would but i take care of mom so it s hard to make lots of money .
thank you ! she s my mom so i m happy to do it . people make fun of me though
i think people think i m lazy because i still live at home with mom . what about you ?
that sounds like a lot to handle ! i respect you !
i hope you have a great night and nice life . i send you angels
i am well . just got home from my job at a coffee shop
busy on a sunday . what do you do ?
i am sorry to hear that . do you have any hobbies ?
that is great . i just joined a new dance class , that is my passion
great ! my mom comes with me when she is not busy hairdressing
mine too , but still get along . what type of car do your drive ?
small cars are the best i am a prius girl myself
yes , i work far away so i love how fuel efficient they are
i am great and you
not really but i do like arts and to travel
no favorites i just like to see the world with my husband
sounds like a great time to be around friends and family road trip
should talk about art projects i like to do that
i like to do a lot of stuff especially birds and cars
yes absolutely its very fun and ease the mind
its very cold outside i need to turn the heat on
i am not that good either
i like tofu and organic rice
do you like music at all
muse and indie rock and classical
i know the feeling . i just lost all that weight .
that sounds like a lot
what kind of math are you doing
i am good how are you
that is awesome is it a new job
that is cool do you like music
cool what kind of music
cool i am really into rap music
i like new emerging artists
yeah there are some cool artists out there
i have 3 cats and 1 dog . favorite foods ?
nice ! coffee and chocolate cake is my favorite dessert . fried chicken for a meal .
ll true ! do you have any siblings ? i am the youngest of 3 .
i understand that ! i get away and play video games
sounds fun ! i have spent many late nights reading different things . i love to learn .
that sounds like fun ! i might have to learn how to do that .
jobs always get in the way ! ll nice chatting with you !
cool ! i manage a family owned restaurant that serves is all vegan food !
the inside of my sports car is scented like strawberries ! its very nice !
i work so much i never have time , at least i am with family
joes vegan grill . joe is actually my brother , he works there too .
my whole precious family that i really love is
yes , 20 stray dogs i got at a shelter .
no dogs do not do so good around the cats . cool name !
i have one dog named bourbon and one brandy
does it involve a vegetarian who eats sushi ?
ll . the parental units still pay my rent , what can i say ?
all things considered , that sounds good . i shall make one for my dog .
all dog shops should carry cuba libre .
i wonder if drunk doggies bark in spanish ?
waiter ! cuba fibres all around !
hi . i am doing well . i hale from russia . where are you from ?
what do you like to do in your spare time ?
yeah . i am headed to the gym in a bit to weight lift .
you would like it . my friend and i are trying to squad more than my current 400 .
that is tough . pounds that is . my bench press is almost as good at 345 pounds .
got to stay fit . enough about me . tell me about yourself .
that makes things feel warm and sunny for sure .
kids are cute . i am too busy weight lifting to babysit these days .
good morning . ca not chat long . . . going flying soon
just out on maneuvers . i work for the army
it was all i could do once i left college . . . ok , dropped out lol
i went through that phase . . . left college because i was obsessed with the band tool
yup , still do . my hair was green and spiked . . i fit in ! !
i bet its cool . . . now mine is short because of the army ! miss the green
good . tired . just finished working . you ?
i use to work at the box factory but i just took a job online .
online definitely . i can grab a hamburger when i want .
right on . i live in canada now but use to come to the us to play guitar .
i do . i like it a lot .
how serious is your condition ?
sorry to hear that . i have blurred vision but with glasses i can see .
that is good to hear .
you could train horses with me since they do not talk much
i did meant it since i find it hard to connect with people
do you like sleeping in ?
not one for it since it would interfere with my writing time
most about my thoughts and the behaviors of the horses i train
maybe that is where i belong
do you enjoy reading much
weekend evening . . what can be expected . other than a party
party just over . . cleaning the stuff
of course . . its inevitable stuff
some tv show is running as well
yaa . . i used to . . when i was in school
me too . . that a pass time
great thanks , what is your favorite colour ? mine is red
i am single and i have two sisters
wow that is great . i am searching for employment right now
that is why you make 70 , 000 , i want to work with animals , i have a dog
a poodle , he is hard to look after as he is so big , i am quite small
mine is light brown , he has never hurt anyone , he is very friendly and strong
he is . i am training him to not pull so much .
sometimes but he is getting better every week . must be easier with a chihuahua ?
its sunny here . perfect weather for flying .
i like red too , with a bit of blue and yellow . like a superhero !
my brother and i would like to pretend playing as superheroes when we were little .
nice , how do they sound ?
do you have any hobbies ?
i enjoy watching movies at the theater .
i like the marvel cinematic universe , of course . i think wonder woman was pretty good .
hi how are you today ?
just at work , where do you work ?
are you a married writer ?
nice . whats your favorite color ?
i love blue , like blue tea
i just go to the beach and stuff
my head is clear like blue water
you love that green stuff
i am doing good looking for things i can do online and make money
i paint and sell them online . do you know of any other ways ?
i need something i can do from home where i am the boss
what is your favorite color ?
i love emerald green and purple
i play the playstation a lot
i also like to go to the zoo and the ballet
what is your favorite cuisine ?
i am good , been busy packing , moving to a new state . do you have any hobbies ?
louisiana , i can speak both english and french so i think it will be a good fit
yes ! i am a artist so i think i can make some good friends there .
great ! do you like hiking ? i love it !
oh wow , that is sad , i am so sorry .
good job , getting such good grades !
i hope you get to spend christmas with your family ,
hello , my day is going good so far . what about yours ?
wow , i do not have a sunflower patch but i do enjoy flowers
if it were not for my 3 dogs i would love to have a sunflower patch
yes , i have 6 and work as a vet
i am sorry to hear that . even if that is your script
does that help you cope ?
good ! i am married to my soul mate who works as a lawyer .
he is , he also knows my love for flowers so he sends them often
hello there i am a single male who lives in the south
i love video games it breaks me away from what i do for work
sadly not since high school but i do guitar when i have time to myself
ahh well its something my work is very quiet i work with medicine in a plant
well i do as well but i put it the way we say it at work
hence i netflix and chill or game and chill lol
yeah do not we all hence xbox live is funny proof is on youtube twitch videos
exactly only the 1 can do what it wants the rest are just ants
good , just been driving my truck as usual
anything with a stick shift . what do you like to do
used to work out when i lived in virginia . good place to grow up
really ? you know any cops ? my dad was a cop
cool ! they in virginia too ?
i am sad about moving too , but that is the life of a truck driver
i am sorry . hopefully one day we will make it back there
agreed . maybe we could meet up next time we are both in the area
hi , i am from dallas , tc . where are you from ?
dogs , dogs , and more dogs . i love them
i work at a free clinic
yes , but mainly chicken and fish
its so delicious when you grill it . . . my favorite color is green
roses are nice . i have some in my garden
yes , its very peaceful plus it gives you something to do
it was great ! i just finished a book my sister wrote . she is a published author .
not much now . . . i use to be a champion downhill skier .
but now i mainly hang out , reading , and stay in my sister home in fl every winter .
what kind of work or play do you do ?
well hopefully you keep working hard , get good grades and transfer .
when i was a champion skier in college , we had great parties in the night .
well , hopefully you can figure that out soon .
wow you are leaving the gate pretty excited .
that is great i mean blue is a great color , my favorite is green .
that is awesome , i do too .
i love italian places , they are the best .
i know right , i really need to go there again .
my favorite place is definedly oaxaca i was just there a few weeks back .
hello , i am currently working for peta
i love all animals that is why i decided to be vegetarian
i like pizza too , but it has to be vegetarian
cool ! what did you study ?
i think we should all love eachother
i am not going to school i already have a good paying job
am doing fine and in a happy mood .
i deliver peoples items from the post office to their homes .
am from ohio and its my home city .
yes , my hobby is playing hockey .
no , i have flower plants instead .
well my father is a gardener and has made me love plants a lot .
am much more into country music .
who are your favorite artists ?
i am getting a little sleepy myself .
what do you do for work ?
yea , i want to be speaker , people say i talk too much .
doodle ponies on my binder .
i mean i am okay , mostly boredom .
some fruits and veggies . i should eat less .
those are the best with carmel .
not great with braces though .
hi there , good thank you for asking , what do you do for living ?
i am glad you save lives . i own a a music store in ca
simi valley a small little town but i hope to retire in florida . by the beach
vacation , just love it there !
oh yes but i am use it being cali .
oh really ? what part of cali do you live ?
i am good how are you
i am actually a farmer
sometimes i get help from my family
it is what do you do for a living
why do you move so much
wow that is crazy i would not like that
do y ou like to watch tv
i am five feet 8 inches
hi . i cannot seem to find my keys . i am losing my mind .
sure . can you sing me a song by marduk first ?
no . i moved to swede
sure . i can feed them lutefisk . they will love it .
ok . afterwards can we go hiking on my favorite glacier ?
sure but you will need to move to sweden first .
absolutely ! can you sing to me now ?
not good . doctor said i only have 6 months left of life .
i would love that ! especially fried fish at dinner . but no lactose , i am allergic .
no . i like them . do you like justin bieber like i do ?
why do you move so much ?
do you have any children ? i do not have any .
no i do not have pets either . kind of lonely sounding , huh ?
looking forward to it . i will bring my justin bieber cd !
no , i missed it . i was swimming in my indoor pool . i love swimming .
i try to , it is good exercise . i enjoyed cooking too . what about you ?
especially spaghetti . i love sleighing with my 4 dogs , but i lost a pinky toe .
ll ! do you like reading ?
favorite childhood book is green eggs and ham , but i do not think i will eat that .
mmm . . that sound really yummy .
you are a very organized person . i bet you organized your closet too .
hi ! i am in high school
its ok . people are kinda mean about me still wearing braces
you are a surfer ? that is lit
. . . and you work at a piano bar . lol jk
probably better than school cafeteria food . people get excited for taco day . . .
probably not . i want to learn to cook more
i think only my dogs like my cooking right now
i am well , how are you ?
i spend most of my time baking and riding horses . what do you do ?
that must be interesting ! i live in texas , where do you live ?
i have never been to utah but hear there are beautiful roses there !
mainly ride horses . you ?
wonderful ! my mom is a retired teacher who plays the violin .
she is wonderful . she taught me to bake and to grow roses .
oh no ! sorry to hear that ! long day ? i need to go shopping , no rest here
oh my gosh ! i can not wait to see how it ends ! i love game of thrones !
speaking of which , winter is totally my favorite season ! i love the cold weather haha
i am in ma , near boston . i prefer the cold living here . need to get to walmart !
i love doing all my shopping there , prices are so cheap they have everything .
so sure ! what are your biggest fears ? halloween is coming up ! i like being scared .
one thing i am deathly afraid of is heights ! the thought of going splat on the pavement
haha yes ! unless i mysteriously get to the roof
i am doing good . just got back from union college . i am studying to be a english teacher .
thank you ! where are you located ?
born and raised in syracuse , ny . me , my mom , dad , and brother .
i do want to move to spain , study there and then teach english there afterwards though .
i still want to go for a couple years . would miss family though
you like sports ? we are big buffalo bills fans . we have season tickets .
you sound like a fun person !
well i should live closer then
i am good . how are you ?
i love the library , i am always done down a good mystery book .
solitude is good . i spend a lot of time reading at the beach .
ll no volleyball . i do not really have a competitive side . my son is in little leauge football .
definitely . whats your favorite food . mine would have to be pizza .
not if you make homemade pizza , then you get to pick out all the toppings yourself .
lol , no chicken feet here , i do have 2 fingers and 3 thumbs on each hand though .
actually only one hand , but does not stop me from typing 140 words per minute .
what do you think of the moon landing ? i think it was fake .
i talk a lot and fast . how old are you ?
o . k . then . i painted my room red , a color i like a lot
that happens sometimes have you tried using a cloth ?
i see . that just might be the problem , but who knows .
yes . my home is so big . i hate cleaning it though .
ah . dogs are great . i take mine to the beach on vacation .
sounds practical . i buy cars too with my huge income as a doctor .
that sounds great . the beach is my happy place .
ha ! you should visit some of my patients . you are funny .
i am sure you are not funny looking . cheer up .
i am sure that is true .
hello ! i am sorry to hear that . what is keeping her around ?
oh ? i love cooking ! i especially like to cook ethnic foods .
oh no , i can see why you do not like cooking then ! my hair is very curly .
how nice ! my family and i come for greece . we moved in the 1950s .
i do , i also enjoy drawing .
video games are great too . paint is like a drawing video game !
very old , and very tall
most definitely , you must be quite short then !
i am not sad because i love the winter holidays more than anything
christmas is just a special time , especially for parents like me .
yes , we make up stories at night about what it would be like to be superman
if magic was real i would beat you in a race
it is still fun to pretend
there is nothing wrong with that !
my daughter is on the track team but is not quite that fast
yes i would not miss that for anything
doing good , watching a movie with my twin brother . you ?
that show is hilarious , been a while since i watched it
what do you do when you are not watching south park ?
i hear ya , i am in a band , hard to pay the bills these days
no , what kind of music do they play ?
oh , are they any good ?
some would call it country pop
i play the guitar . do you play any instruments ?
i am great ! just eating some nachos . how about you ?
what homework ? i hate homework as much as i ate popcorn . lol
i hate how it gets stuck in my teeth .
i work in a theater too . i am surrounded by it !
yes but i enjoy my job . i love making home movies with my camcorder
yes especially since my parents gave me the recorder .
yes , i have amazing parents .
officer bob here . good . i am relaxing from a long day being an officer of the law .
i hope you are not speeding ! do you have to work holidays , i hate em !
well that makes sense . not really , one of my ex wives was italian . bad memories associated
i understand . what kind of car you drive ? you should drive a ford !
mmm . any trouble with the nissan ? bound to sooner or later
no need to you would be more scared of my gun collection anyway ll
nice to meet a fellow gun owner
nah everything i need is right around me
nein , i am often out of the country . my mansion has many gardens .
it is fantastico , i am guessing you have a green thumb ?
that is muy beuno , my mansion is full of antique furniture .
i am told my father liked to build things , i never met him or mother .
my line of work keeps me very busy , so it is okay .
how tall are you ? i do not . . . i enjoy studying languages .
then volleyball is a very good sport ! do you have any siblings ?
yeah ! i have been staying in reading to my two cats . they love it !
that is so cool ! do you work with animals ?
awesome . i am currently a librarian at my local library .
oh definitely ! its what i do in my free time ! what do you do ?
org i should show this video of my cat trying to steal my tune . lol hilarious !
my cats and i have a consensus that tune is the best . we love it !
what are you doing right now ?
why hello isabella , i am fine thank you . tell me about yourself
oh fun stuff ! so how old are you now ?
ah so you have been in the us for a while now . seen any concerts here ?
i love train ! but my favorite is maroon five . adam levine just gets to me
ah that is a good show . do you have any pets ?
awe that is so sweet ! how old ?
lovely . i have two kids as well
oh i see . so he was your husbands kid ?
hi . what do you do for fun ?
i love to sleep and listen to rap .
i just got new shoes !
oh no . do you like ergonomic things ?
i love keyboards and chair .
dr . pepper is great . my shoes feel great .
thanks . do you like music ?
why ? what happened ? i am just making designs .
org ! sorry to hear that ! i work for dreamworks tell the kids !
ask them do they have any things they would like to see ? i will dedicate
alright , i wil get on it i love to draw you will see it 1 day
i am a designer its such a passion
you are welcome ! i am freelancing still . i love nurses . you can help husband
i wish you d buy some of my pottery ! need more money , lol !
that doesn t make sense . you drinking ? i used to drink you sound like i did
hmmm i used to drink so bad i lost my home and lived in a storage unit
now ? not much i put most my money into fixing classic cars and reselling
it s like flipping a house . depends on purchase price and type of car . sometimes 15 thousand
you should ! i was on a game show once , called jeopardy . flipping cars is like that though
i lost ! lol i didn t know the answer lost everything . can t do that with car flipping
i was up against a massive genius . no way i could have won .
yes , i have three dogs . they are my babies .
i love pizza too ! but i hate sweet potatoes . whats your favorite workout ?
running . i always listen to the all american rejects while i run .
my dogs hate to run . i keep them in the other room whenever i workout .
you are lucky , they always get in the way when i workout .
yes , i went to new york two weeks ago for a weight lifting competition . do you travel ?
good . exhausted from dancing though . tell me about yourself .
no . i just do it for fun . what do you do ?
i played professional hockey but my asthma got in the way .
not at the moment . do you ?
i am sorry to hear that . what happened ?
ah . sorry . try dancing around . it makes me feel happy and free .
yikes . if it makes you laugh . i am six foot tall and awful at an .
trying to get a job i so broke anyway how you doing
like the color green and eye sight bad
well i got a book show today going to go see my favorite
like to work make money like the green
i just like to wear contacts used to be made fun of
getting tired you sure you awake ?
usa and how you like ca ?
mother has a mindset not like mine
just tea . i drink it all day long .
tea keeps me going at my job at a bookstore . do you work ?
i studied writing in college . i want to be a published writer .
do you have hobbies ? i write short fiction in my spare time .
me , i go to museums of art . going to rock concerts is .
i meet well educated people at the book store . do you like to read ?
what do you do besides party with your friends ?
interesting . sounds like fodder for the book that i hope to publish .
i am great ! i am watching a movie this evening like every sunday . you ?
yikes ! good luck with that ! any good luck charms ? mine is my cat !
did you eat dinner to energize ? i think eating tacos help !
i do but i love music . folk metal is my favorite genre ! you ?
does the music help you focus ? do you have any other hobbies ?
i had a rough sleep last night . i sleep walk and sleep talk . rough !
does anything give you relief ? i hate taking medicine for mine .
well , i hope you feel better soon !
country music , that is what i like to hear , yeehaaa !
bar work , that is where my job is , at a bar , yehaaa !
food is good but surfing usa , that what i do all day , surfing usa , everyday !
pumping ? , i can cook , i do it well , that is what folks say
sure , i get the spoon , you can play that while i play the piano , okay ?
yes , i can tickle the ivories , thanks for asking !
i am okay , how are you ?
watching a soccer game with my dad .
i do not really like baseball , it is too slow for me .
what other things are you into ?
that is cool , i do some hiking with my dog sometimes
he is a golden retriever , he is my best friend
that is awful ! i was so happy when my parents let me get a dog .
i have had him for i think like 3 years .
i am great how about yourself tonight ?
yea we play soccer on the farm sometimes
lol i live in ohio on a farm lol
on the farm with my 3 brothers lol
fordeal ? i play guitar in a band lol what u do for nike
that is sick ship me some money then ! lol
well what is bitcoins for afterall
i am tired ! how are you today ?
where do you work at ? i work at mcdonalds . it is always busy .
i feel the same . i feel i could sleep for days . what do you enjoy ?
i understand . sometimes when i am writing i never get it right .
i do not get much a chance too . i work and sleep mostly . you ?
seems we both need some time to enjoy . do you have hobbies ?
just writing mainly . i like to jot things down when i have free time .
anything that is not mcdonalds . haha
more like night at this point , but it was very long . thank you ! how about you ?
yeah , work was offering overtime , so i stayed for 13 hours today
i listen to a lot of classical music
great band . always listened to them in my younger years . was a wild child
florida . pretty flat here , but i stay because my grandchildren live here .
ours will be worse . the pharmacy will be closed tomorrow , three day weekend . yay !
i am the pharmacist , yes . not the gm though . he makes the call for working during hurricanes
i am doing well and you ?
which one ? i am working as a life guard
never read it ! is it good ? i love saving lives
at a beach ! i was able to buy a yellow convertible . ho many years did you serve ?
it sure is ! do you have a car ?
cool ! i love any large body of water
have you ever been to the ocean ?
wow ! you were able to escape the hurricane !
great i am tom and i enjoy italian food the most .
hi mia . i like pizza the best . how about you ?
i am from asia on the east side . you ?
its a great place . i am trying to watch how much i eat , but its hard .
me too how do you manage it ?
i should try that then i can eat more
pretty good thanks and oyu
where do you work at
how did oyu get injured
i bet you were real fast
faster than my horses huh ?
i beg to differ not my seabiscuit
great . do you have any jokes for me ?
what do you take pictures of ?
that is amazing . i love nature .
i miss when life was simple and we were all about nature
i am sorry to hear about your husband
so you must feel much better now
i love the color yellow . you ?
those are great colors . do you watch tv ?
good . just getting ready to go fishing .
i work at a deli . i could suggest great cold cuts from the counter
sounds delicious did you listen to tunes while cooking ?
i am learning to play hendrix on my guitar . it is my favorite .
do you have a degree in art ?
my only regret is dropping out of college .
true . not sure what i would take . what are you major in ?
well , i guess its not really a secret if you would know me , but i like reading .
oh . . is not that called a witch eye ? what color hair ? mine is brown .
i work for a grocery chain store . what about you ?
yes , i do . a dog and a cat . whats your favorite food ?
i love cupcakes . i know its not healthy , but i cannot help it . ha . . ha !
agreed . so , whats your favorite color ? i love blue .
hello so do i ! do you love creating art like i do ?
cool . i am know as a painter . do you have siblings ?
i have twin brothers . they are identical .
cool . can you sing ? i am very talented winning several competitions .
do you like major motion pictures ? i am working as an extra for one .
awesome ! that is one of my favorite movies and why i got into it .
pretty good . just watching a movie called baby driver
that is what i hear . i am only 1 4 in . glad to hear it is good !
i am good . i am married , love trump , and enjoy running .
my schooling was paid for due to playing football . why do you have so much debt ?
what country do you dream about ?
scotland has good running trails .
i do not like music , i like politics .
my husband of five years does not like it either , two peas in a pod .
not me , what else can you tell me about yourself .
cute , what is her name ?
good so far . . how about urs
i like the nature stuff too . .
yaa , . . i used to play a while ago
pickling eggs ? ? i did nt get that
oh . . interesting . . i am hearing it for first time
i love to try new food . .
sorry , i am feeling depressed today . my husband has left me .
thanks but right now ice cream is my best friend .
i would not want to burden you . i am still with my four children who eat alot .
i bet , but my two dogs may have a different opinion lol .
sounds good . let me think about it .
thanks . i am more angry that my husband will not accept joint responsibility for our children .
i know , hopefully he will change his mind for the sake of the children .
extrovert ! i have an appartment in the city
are you in college ? i graduated a few years ago
i work at a bank just like my father used to
i like to visit were i grew up , upstate
what else do you like to do for fun ?
well that sounds like fun ! it must be nice to be close with your mom
it was nice talking with you
i m good thanks . how are you ?
have to work late tonight . gotta love retail .
i listen to a lot music . especially madonna .
i love gardening . i grew a lot of hot peppers this year .
i d like to , but aren t they expensive ?
bet that smelled really bad huh ?
i am going to a concert tonight . i go to 10 a year .
going to see elton john and some other bands .
i am good , how about yourself ?
i have never heard of it , i am just relaxing before work .
i am a third shift security guard , just finished training .
that is awesome ! i am 30 , so its time i did something with my life .
i just adopted two dogs from the shelter , so i never have time .
i ended up leaving my girlfriend because she hated them , they do not deserve that stress .
i know , right ? i love all animals honestly , just not spiders lol
i have a huge golden one that lives outside the kitchen window . he is called fred .
hi ! i am well and you ? i do not cook .
what is your novel about . i take care of my skin .
nice ! ! i act in plays and part time work as a grocer
i get it . i also like to dress people up .
it is more like me making others feel better about themselves .
you can . i do not mind
i enjoy spending time alone at a park .
i do not know what to say about it to be honest .
just about to watch some shows on netflix , you ?
trying to look for a show that might teach me self defense . i really want to learn
you do yoga ? i am thinking i might go back to school and move to las vegas .
yeah , you know any good yoga classes there ?
i am not sure yet ! what do you think ?
maybe i will look into that
you sound very level headed . what else do you like ?
assistant to the regional manager , dwight
is it an mma fighter or something lol
that is sick i love mma so lol i was close
yes ufc especially how about you ?
simmer it down do you like protein powder ?
lolol whats your prized possesion braw
dwight are not you just the assistant to the regional manager
yes dwight now get back to work !
i am frank and i like reading ang biking
i am a manager at albertson
what kind of company ?
where are you from ?
usa
reading mostly
horror !
hello . i draw and paint pictures . do you have any cats ? i have one named charlie .
cool . i know it is nice during the night . i love the night
i need to buy boots for the fall . i just got me some hoop earrings .
yes . earrings are definitely my favorite too .
yes . i think it will be fun .
yes . i am going to do it with some friends .
i am about to finish up my painting .
nice chatting with you also . have a great day !
ooh . i would probably donate money to the school where i teach . i love my job !
i hope his school was not too bad . i am also a mom both kids and pups !
oh gosh . i am very involved in the school . especially because one of my two kids has autism .
yes , i agree . and we have been training my two fur babies as service dogs .
i am too protective of my dogs to have them hunting !
i suppose ! do you hunt often ?
everyone love pictures i hate beets
i am ovo vegetarian and i do not know how to cook yay
i just sleep i love to sleep in on my days off
i drive an hour to work in messed up traffic
seem like it what a wonderful night it is
people are so weird looking
the night air is so awesome
i wish it will rain again
taken . sorry . about to head out for storkling .
how old are they ? are they tech say ? i love apple products .
amazing ! do they enjoy mangoes . i love eating them esp in the morning
oh sweet of you . do you enjoy listening to gary human ?
no one has ever heard of him i just do to be ironic
i am an interior designer in ny
that is great . what do you do exactly
going good . just finished practice . you ?
have a band when i am not working . teacher huh ? cool .
super calm music am a bit of a buddhist . great job .
try meditating before you are even stressed .
just being aware of the moment is a kind of meditation . helps calm the spirit .
just be aware . be in the now . in the moment . yeah music for me .
totally get that . not much of a shopper . live simply .
yes a facet is ridding yourself of attachment . includes things not needed .
if you realize that you are halfway there . success
yes that is it you have it
people . i still love them . just need to love them without attachment .
totally possible . stress needs to go too . everything is temporary .
it was really nice chatting with you . must go . just remember to love .
hi mark , who is melissa ? is that who you want to be ?
never hide from who you know you are .
i understand how it is , but you cannot hide who you are from god
you have the right to walk away from things that make you unhappy
you can like whomever you like .
god does not live in church , he lives in your heart .
he created you in his own image , and he is perfect .
i am not a believer in the bible . i am spiritual and believe in god
by a corrupt king at that
then be who you want to be . your mom and dad will come around .
then leave them and do your own things .
as you should , but your life is your life and this is 2017 .
great , and you ? looking forward to a concert this weekend !
interesting ! do you like to swim ? i do that pretty much everyday at the y
its tough now days . playing the cello calms me . my mom taught me as a child .
oh yeah , i love basketball , and collecting stamps . quite opposite hobbies but so rewarding .
thanks , you too . i just try to pursue what makes me happ .
so are you married ? favorite color ? mine is blue married .
jealous but then not , its so expensive . you must be rich !
oh that is great , i am so happy for you ! congrats on retirement and a long marriage .
i love to prepare food . i have been told that i am a gourmet .
a taker or a talker ?
oh . i get it . do you like the outdoors ?
i am afraid all the empty space . no buildings or anything . a novel ?
i have watched it . you must be funny to write about them .
i can spell well . maybe i can help you with your book .
what is your favorite dinner . maybe i can cook for you .
i can make some mean enchiladas . an no pickles involved .
hi . i am liz . i just finished law school and i love to bake .
nice ! your choice ? what kind of scientist ?
so what is your favorite holiday ? mine is christmas because its my birthday .
yes i do . do you have a favorite sport team ?
exciting . i wish i could be a gymnast , but i have horrible coordination .
not much lately . i have not had much money since my rent went up .
yeah my landlord is a cranky old man . ll
the green is the good stuff ! wish i had time to smoke between my 3 jobs
haha they would never suspect a thing !
nice . i want to be a baseball announcer one day .
both are great . especially toking while watching south park
true ! are you single by the way ?
ugh how ridiculous . i just proposed to my girl
we have been together for 3 . you deserve better
good luck with that . you seem really nice . bet you are hot too
no , i have not read anything by david copperfield
oh , ok . i have not . but i like a tale of twin cities .
yup . do you like the rolling stones ?
they are my favorite band
that is great . what do you like to eat ?
i love soda . i need one with me always
i like coke too . i do not eat very healthy
hello jane , i am mia . i am going to europe next month .
those are cute dogs , i have a maltese , paris .
i love them ! my favorite is tupac .
i also like bigger dogs , just do not have room for one .
any will do . what do you do for fun ?
i do not watch much tv , i prefer to surf the web .
lol , i am terrified of boats , that is why i have never been on a cruise .
i am terrified of boats , do you have a short attention span ?
my old man is twenty years older than i am and we have a good life
i prefer wine . not beer
yes my two boys love it .
they are ten and eleven and like going to see lots of art .
yes not famous but have lots of pictures
thank you . that and touring keeps me busy
going to the crocker art place
i am good , i just finished baking brownies . how are you ?
i love hiking ! i have traveled all around the world just so i can hike .
thanks . i think its from my time in the military , i tend to speak very precisely .
i do like music , i listen to punk a lot . do you enjoy punk rock ?
yes , i have hiked it . my cats hike with me , ever since they were kittens .
i am in the air force , it allows me a lot of time to travel .
i love it . do you like to bake ? i just made brownies .
you would love my brownies , they have been called magical . instant mood boosters they are !
great ! thanks , i am on vacation with the family .
strict ? that sucks . maybe if you have a second voice like i do , that might change
oh , and by second voice , i mean my husband . he is outside on the verandah
i completed high school but did not go to college . i went to hawaii instead !
that is awesome . i have been there many times with the family . love spending time with them
time for an upgrade . ahahah . i am pretty strong , i could take a look for you
we like any disney movie . actually going there next week with the kids .
well , i just got back from the golden arches !
i have no clue what that is , but i went to the beach today !
oh , i see ! i wish i had a house on the beach !
do you ? i love listening to music on the beach !
also , my parents came with me , because they are on a break from teaching !
what kind of music do you like ? i like pop !
that sounds fun ! i also like nascar races on tv
that is very true ! do you like them ?
i am well thank you ! how are you ?
nice ! what kind of dogs ? i am packing for a vacation in paris .
awesome . what do you do in your spare time ?
that is cool . i enjoy going to the opera .
i like classical music , so the opera is best of two worlds stories and music .
i live in the american south . yourself ?
that is cool . how tall are you ?
awesome ! i am a little taller than you . six feet .
good ! just got done grilling some steaks . . love good grilled meat !
i have been known to do that . . lol
never seen any of his movies . too busy working on my bachelors degree
education . i fought in the iraq war and wanted to work on a new career
yes ! my girlfriend is the best she has seen me through everything
oh no that is not good how long have you been together ?
fine and how are you today ?
do you have any hobbies ?
long days working at zoo , but love crime novels .
tell me something about you ?
that is interesting , do you like it here in california ?
i love animals , especially dogs , do you also have family here ?
it was nice to talk with you , have a great night .
just great , i feeling really fine
well i stole the jailers laptop !
the system cant count right
i like to be free in my freetime
i am glad to have my own shelter
yeah it can all change in a second
i want to be a photographer
hello , i took my 2 kids to see justin timberlake last night
being a full time mother , i try to go camping at least once a month
when we go camping i take them horseback riding , i love riding
what do you do for fun
awesome what kind of music ?
i like country and classic rock
yes those are the best kinds of music out there
i find it to be very expensive
i am doing great . how are you ?
i like natural foods like tomatoes
i love that too . what else ?
that is not bad either
why do you think that is
why do you say that
you must really not like people
i am doing well , how about you ?
are you in college like me ?
that is really cool ! do you think you will go there ?
that is awesome , you will have a lot of fun i am sure .
yes , i had to take out student loans to get money to travel abroad . yuck .
yeah , i sure hope so . do you play any sports ?
oh , do you like vintage cars ?
i have an old mustang that i fixed up myself .
my night is going well . how is yours ?
i have not done that in years . i mostly fish in my spare time .
it is . do you have family ? i do not see mine often .
i have 3 sons and 5 grandchildren . i take my grandkids on my boat sometimes .
you should get one someday . what do you like to do ?
it is good to stay healthy !
i wish i still had a figure to speak of , but i am quite old now
you are lucky to have each other . my parents are lovely , but i rarely see them .
well , i do not like to get too personal , but why not contact them ?
that must have been an exciting day . you should all have dinner together . break the ice .
christmas in the forest is like heaven on earth ! are you christian ?
i love shopping . where do you live ?
wonderful . how long have you lived there ?
i live in a nice cabin in the south of georgia . beautiful .
no kidding . i think we have the best food in the world .
how are you doing today
i am doing good thank you for asking
to bae my son a cake and get some cleaning done
no its not alot
well i am a mom i have to
yes it sure does
what do you do for a living
that is cool i bet you have some crazy days
i am good . and you ? just getting ready to start my makeup video on youtube .
oh wow . i am not that crafty . i did paint my car pink by myself though .
yeah , me to . not building stuff though , ha ha .
i love to run . i even take my kittly leela with me .
wow , that is great . my dads a pilot and he takes me a leela up .
oh yeah , that job would really make you worry when he was out .
org ! ! that is horrible . i am glad you are safe now .
oh that is great . you should check out my youtube videos . i post them weekly .
pretty good , but sleepy . i was up early today . you ?
do pets count lol ? my babies are my three chickens .
that sounds like a handful . how do you manage ?
like what ? fanciest gadget i have is a seen on tv egg cracker .
i tried a room once . it kept freaking out the chickens .
haha ! so , are you like a stay at home mom or something ?
i am surprised you find time for it with all those kids !
oh , geese , yeah , that would suck . kids can be so obnoxious sometimes .
oh , do you help with the milking ?
how many cows do you have ?
i am a retired high school teacher .
i like to go kayaking .
do you belong to a team ?
who do you play basketball with ?
how do you do ?
i am good . i am also in finance and went to school in cambridge .
sound rough , but somebody has to do it . not me !
does it provide a financially secure life ?
so long as you live in a decent tax bracket , most things are tolerable .
i love to eat at exclusive restaurants .
i eat out at least three times a week .
i am well . reading up on quantum physics .
nice . did you go to school ?
i just got a new job .
i am an editor at a big newpaper . i want spiderman !
that is admirable . i almost burned down a house once .
it was plumbing incident . i got carried away soldering a pipe .
i think we are exceptional people . i have never met you but i feel it .
i live in biloxi , mississippi . its the best kept secret in america .
fabulous as always ! just got done shopping online ! credit cards are so nice !
fashion is my passion ! lol and i am good at it ! ;
do you do that for a living ?
oh my gosh i do not know what i would do if i had to get a job !
does glitter count ? ! lol ugh my sister in law is texting me . she hates me .
hehe do you like fashion ? i have a degree in fashion design .
so tell me about you !
what do you like to write about ?
i live on the east coast with my cat , george .
congratulations ! ! i am sure you are not getting much sleep . i read biographies to pass out . .
oh no ! i hear you . its not easy . enjoy every second . it flies by
not really . . i am more into music like metallica .
i work online so i can dedicate more time to cooking meals like rice and chicken .
nice ! its great that you can cook as well !
you would be surprised how many men cannot or wo not cook for themselves much less to help out .
i am great , how are you ?
cool . . . i just left a ballet
it really is . so what do you do for a living ?
i am an interior designer
it is , you get to be extra creative
my passion is fine arts but anything where i can use colors is fine
yes . . . do you have any hobbies ?
cool my brother loves soccer as well
just left work at the army base . going to listen to tool my favorite band !
fun ! i am going to build a computer !
i have a friend that flies airplanes like me so i understand .
no , after quitting college i moved in with my boyfriend .
of course anything with computers and riding horses . you ?
i live in the country and love it . i never want to move .
and a deer stand with a gun .
mmmm . my mouth is watering ! hunting season is almost here !
it is going good , yours ?
i have been practicing my makeup skills .
i watch tutorials online and take beauty classes .
oh really . some may be . . . but not all .
yeah , so girls do go way overboard . not me .
sometimes . i enjoy going out clubbing .
oh . it has been a few weeks since i have been out .
oh . do you have any hobbies ?
hi i am doing ok listening to bach how are you
what kind of music do you like
i love classical music but will listen to anything i even love the voice
i go to museums every chance i get
that sounds like fun . do you like to travel
i have to go somewhere new once a year
fishing is always fun i took my cousin once and he was scared of the worms
i am well . just cracked open a cold one . you ?
i have not smoked weed in a year . but i love the smell . especially that killa .
i might smoke a cig in a minute . what kind of music ?
i listen to that trill fam ent music . boosie . you ?
i like pizza . and the color blue .
i love meat . especially hot meat . you ?
i was just telling somebody earlier i might pick up a cheap steak . do not know yet
i like painting and using watercolors . i know that is random .
steak ! i am horribly allergic to fish . how about you ?
i have never been fishing ! i am more of a homebody .
i am a horrible cook . i spend more time decluttering my house . weird ?
yes ! because of all my allergies i try to keep things clean . silly cat !
i have never really been a cat person until i found sully . do you own pets ?
that sounds safe . insert eyeball haha ! !
no , just sully . dogs make my allergies even more crazy !
i am doing okay . i just got back from my daily gym visit .
it was pretty good . listening to my fav band metallica and pumped some iron .
cool . i work out then head home to feed my cat george .
yes . we even have the same fav meal , chicken and rice .
do you read much ? i love read autobiographies before going to sleep .
sounds like me . books and george keep me busy when i am not working out .
is this something you are interested in ?
you mean like , harvest moon ? when it gets all orange , even red , in the fall ?
i am just an ordinary dog lover . i have got two , but my mother is allergic .
i live alone . it makes me sad i cannot take my dogs when i visit .
they love hikes ! the more water , the better !
the canadian rockies would be cool . and not too far from u . s .
nope . only child . extra christmas gifts !
i drive an eight wheeler , tractor trailer , over the road .
seen all the states except hawaii . hard to drive a truck to hawaii ! ll
hi , i love to make my own coffee .
i make coffee and brew beer .
lol ! ! not really but it is fun ! !
have never had an iphone only androids
thought you said you prefer them ?
lol , no worries ! where do you live ?
it is very hot there in the summer !
nice man , that is pretty cool . where you work ?
noah awesome , you drink a lot ? ? ?
that is pretty tight . me and my friends had a pretty good party the other week
no b c my buddy girl is way allergic .
ugh my mom is always hassling me
i guess . cannot wait to be on my own tho
not so much i am more into sports
i had surgery a week ago so i should read in my down time
ok i will have to check them out any particular suggestions
i had a sports injury
wow that sounds like a cool job
yeah i was a basketball player but i have to wait to play again
basketball i played in college
in my future i want to be a writer
but for now i work as a translator
i want to write erotica i love it
see lol quick grabs ! i am unemployed right now sadly
you would grab my book if you seen it ?
that is cool , what do you like to read ?
cool , maybe i will follow you on it
cool , mine is to see my favorite band pearl jam in concert
you must be young . i am 29 years old
oh that is funny . well i am living in a suburb of boston
ouch . mine made me sleep early but now i am a night owl
just exercise . i like hiking and riding my bike so i can eat more !
so you are like a night owl too
that is good i can take you hiking sometime
cool we can ride bikes together at night too
i am good . listening to some jazz right now . you ?
what game are you playing ?
oh that is pretty old , right ? just earned my black belt . . . sore tonight !
that is cool . something is so wrong about drinking ice coffee this late . right ?
okay , i feel better now . lol . . . gonna be up all night though .
really ? how old are you ?
ok . where you from ? i am west coast , but get to michigan each year .
a little windy down there i hear . . . ?
hey , i am good you ?
oh well if it were me i would try to make it a joke
i only love 2 things my 3 cats and candy
my cats over heat in my honda while i deliver packages
wow that is funny i am told i look funny delivering packages
yes hope your dogs like radio head soon
hey there i like to sing song while showering .
no i am shy so i never got into that .
i see . i do not sing , i never drank alcohol and i am content with life .
i am not sweet i am sower . my dog is my bff . do you have one ?
i see . i have a german shepherd . do you play any video games ?
i do , i would rather do that than do other things .
i think everyone does that . what do you eat ?
i do not really enjoy pizza . i enjoy salads . and other healthy choices .
sounds fun ! turn on some music !
i guess that works . i am more in to country .
do you have any hobbies ? i enjoy surfing .
i am in pretty good shape . you ?
you want to be what ?
i went to the san diego zoo last week and saw one !
i saw lots of animals . reminded me of when i worked for a circus .
a long , long time ago .
hi bonnie ! i have been at the hospital because of my father
he had a heart attack and it was scary
thank you very much . i wanted to go to comic con if this did not happen
really ? guitar is my instrument !
maybe we can take your pink moped to watch short films sometime
i am more into writing them so that is okay
united states , we have got some great hiking around here . what about you ?
you got any good burritos around you ? i love burritos
do you like netflix or hulu or anything ?
i love all streaming services , but i really do not get along with my father
i love doing that with my mom
you know , that is actually pretty manly . i think i will start doing that
that is true i am all about being manly though . i love being a guy
i am doing great , what kind of game was it ?
oh sounds good what do you do for a living ?
i work international in business
yes electronics its a great job
yes its great , you will never be home i have a mansion
that is a good field also
that is correct but its worth it in the end
i hope dogs . . . cause i have 3 ! ! ! i named mine maddie
cool , i live in florida . i listen to music on the beach
taylor swift speaks loudly to me right now
i am still in school , i love science , its my favorite
do you make bank ? i want a high paying job
i am only 15 , so i think retail would be good for me
i want to study to be a marine biologist
i wish i had a family . do you have one ?
ah . i have no kids but i do have lots of friends .
i like to dress up like a clown and make them laugh . you ?
oh i love baking . i want to be on cupcake wars one day .
i hope so . really , any reality tv show will do .
i love face off . can you do makeup ?
awesome . all i can do is clown makeup .
here is this one close friend i still keep in touch with
haha i grew up in a strict atmosphere . as a child
i want to be older and move out of this place
i hate school life and the way i am being treated
no but the kids at my school are . i am in high school and worry about money
i have and nobody will listen ,
it is more so that they do not know what i am dealing with .
well i have but i am being ignored
its good . and yours ? i was thinking of getting a dog at the shelter .
ha ha me too . its a lot of commitment so i have to really think about it .
wow . i do not know about that . good protector i guess .
go to shows with my mom . she is a makeup artist .
if i see something i want , i buy it . that is what is cool with the shows .
i work from home and listen to my neighbors argue at night . that is like a job .
hi ! broke my glasses today , so not great . you ?
i have taped them with a tiger printed duct tape i know , ridiculous ! where are you ?
i live in san francisco , ca !
do you work on study ?
i am so jealous ! wish i was surfing too ! i go to college hearty .
right now , philosophy and history
grabbed a sandwich quickly . was too worried about the glasses being broken
i am doing just fine and yourself ?
haha no . i want to be a professional eater .
i should take it up though so i do not get fat during my career
i grew up in wisconsin .
i think all the aliens are in china .
i totally believe in them , aliens that is .
which do you prefer , lollipops or rainbows ?
i just can not choose !
hi sarah . do you like music ? my entire family is musical .
hi sarah . do you like music ? my entire family is musical .
i play the violin and my pomeranian dances when i practice .
i have placed in a few competitions .
my pom is named sedona she looks like the red rocks .
my mom teaches kids music and my sister gets paid to play the clarinet .
a dog quickly becomes a best friend . singing in the shower is fun .
thank you . maybe we can do it again sometime .
doing good and how about you ?
lol i have so many allergies i have to watch what i eat and drink
my grandson had eczema when he was little no fun
yes that is good . do you like to watch tv ?
oh dear . i do enjoy tv and a good movie
you are busy ! i have a job working in commercials
now that would be a dream for sure
hello . how are you ? what is your favorite party of history ?
i enjoy all kinds of history .
i like music too . just got engaged to get married .
yes . planning a wedding can be overwhelming .
getting that way . how about you ?
very amazing . what is your favorite music ?
thank you for the chat .
not too bad thanks . just got back from a hike in the hudson area . you ?
ouch yeah i could see that being a problem ! what happened ?
en there a few times on road trips . i am in up state ny laid back lol
oo awesome ! i coordinate meetings with not and companies .
easy hm ? are you a crafter ?
neat . must be nice to be a multi billionaire
i wish . i got like 50 dollars . partly there right ?
a meeting planner . nothing glamorous but it gives me good downtime
hey ! just feeling like riding my skateboard all weekend . you ?
no not really . i am pretty much known as a weirdo .
i do not like sports either . i just dyed my hair orange and blue .
no . i am pretty much a slacker . i just hang out , skate , and wear old dingy clothes .
i practice skating all the time . i go to the skate park a lot !
yes , i ride my board there .
ugh that can be a pain .
hi ! i am really well , how about yourself ?
i actually lost both of my biological parents , but have adopted family . you ?
yeah , but i have really close friends ! what do you do for fun ?
just like to make jokes . i like being the center of attention ;
my name is molly , what is yours ?
i work in a factory . you ?
what kind of music does your band play ?
that is awesome ! i love being on stage and people are noticing me !
good . it was a long bike ride home from work .
i ride everywhere . to the factory , to jazz concerts . . .
i have a lot of family in seattle , my favorite .
very nice . it is a good place for jazz lovers .
just busy with my factory work , how about you ?
yep , day in , day out .
which holidays do you celebrate ?
christmas is my favorite . i like thanksgiving for the food .
i sell encyclopedias and work part time at a gas station .
i like doing macaroni art . good to be alone sometimes .
oh . how do you like vegas ?
i also collect rocks . good to walk by the beach .
they have conventions there for my group often at vegas .
i saw peyton manning at a grocery store there .
in vegas you see famous people a lot .
i am a clown and work in the circus , mother work as a teacher in school
my description about my family what do you think of that ?
no , just horses and monkeys . i love dogs and country music
it is very stressful , so i surf to let it all out .
yeah some does that , but not all . few songs sings about a clown .
do you surf also ? where do you live ?
i do not remember , but it was a funny song
are you close to the beach , is there a surfing crowd there ?
hey ! i work at a box factory . not as exciting as you .
i do not have kids . i did travel around the united states playing guitar .
i love the color red . who is your favorite band ?
i love story so far . they are great . i played with them .
really ? that makes me sad for you . what do you do for military ?
wow . and you have a young child . that is crazy . you miss him when you are gone ?
very true . and serving our country is very noble .
you are quite welcomed . i am ready for breakfast !
hello there , i am feeling quite unsettled . how are you ?
my dearest companion has died , i feel as though a piece of me is missing ; incomplete .
well sure . i think my two boys and my husband would love that .
i create beautiful works of art starting in my mind , sent to my hands , finished on paper .
in tennessee a family home with a nice yard . where our dear dog used to play . .
my parents showed me to find my muse in the world . nature , hurricane irma has inspired me .
too bad irma destroyed your shops
i am still single and lonely . books keep me occupied when i need company .
that sounds lovely . my patrons at the bar are the closest thing i have to kids .
wow ! what a full life . do you have hobbies ? writing poetry is what i enjoy .
cool . i also blog about vegetarian recipes that i create . its a fun hobby .
i would like to go back to school one day . maybe my special person will find me then .
sounds like the plot of a movie
well , i am an amateur poet . real life is the stuff arts made of !
great , just left from the beach . you ?
i like to go there and read . nice to wind down with family
cool , what do you play ?
awesome , do you have any siblings ? i have 5
is playing in the band what you do for a living ?
i got my masters for creative writing
ll . . . i want to write a few novels
hello , yes . what did you make ?
that sounds amazing ! my sister came over and tried to cook . . .
that sounds boring . the pharmaceutical industry is where its at .
planning my vacation . this year i am going to paris ! !
ha no . but its beautiful so i am excited .
i do not have pets . i want a labrador though . i love them .
but the dog could eat my sisters cooking for me .
i am 26 and she is 22 . only one i got but she cant cook .
i am doing alright . glad i have electricity .
true . and good places to run . though not as necessary
true . have you played zombie run ?
i do not know . but you run and it tracks your gps . it is fun .
from home yes . lots of typing
very nice . i try to stay organized but it is not always easy .
cooking seems to help me stay focused but baking i get distracted and burn things
have you seen face off ? it airs on syfy . it is a fun one .
you live life to the fullest ?
like a midget ? or a baby ?
that is . . interesting . hopefully they like the band imagine dragons
oh they are dogs ! too cute
you should go on a jog with them
what else do you do for fun ?
with your dogs ? you should play with model airplanes . that is what i do
true ! you are just full of wisdom
wrapped in plastic , its fantasticccc
where do you work barbie ?
i made my own business
yeah an i have a timeshare at mexico
do you like food then ?
i eat sushi all the time
pretty good . i am writing a poem for my punk band .
i like dogs but i do not own any . what is your favorite breed ?
what is your favorite color ? i am partial to black .
yes i sing for a punk band . i am hoping to play in the uk .
thanks . must be rewarding helping animals .
i can appreciate . that i am very allergic to cats .
i like to exercise and skating is one of my favorite activities .
do you like to exercise for health or fun ?
just playing with my dogs and cats ! ! ! you ?
the pizza place on the corner makes a great chicago style salad ! ! !
both my moms like to make salads ! ! ! where do you live ?
you should play quake with them . it always makes me happy .
you should hang out with me ! ! ! we can be friends ! ! ! i do not bite .
i will be your best one ! ! ! we can walk my 3 dogs .
great ! ! ! how about saturday ? can you come to chicago ?
doing good , sitting here with leroy jenkins and playing retro 386 games . you ?
i wish i could play . i am pretty clumsy , always got ink stains all over my shirts .
just clumsy i guess , pocket protectors not holding up . you got any hobbies ?
i play retro games and always wished i could have a dragon to train .
i do not have much time , been dealing with shoulder aches because of suspenders .
nah , just when i am chasing my cat , old leroy . gotta keep the britches up .
country music of course , the classic kind .
i never got to see johnny cash play but i wish i did .
its good , just got back from the animal shelter
yeah i do , its a lot of fun
i am a student , but i love dancing . i would love to dance for life
that sounds so grown up . i cannot even spell too good
country music kills my brain cells lol . it makes me cringe
with my amazing dancing , and my long hair , i would be good in a music video
you want to be my sugar daddy ? or sugar mama
cool , i can show you all the young new dance moves
good . just got home from a ride on my moped . you ?
kids make me nervous . i prefer video games .
nice . i am single .
congratulations . single life is nice . gives me more time to play halo .
i am shy too . ca not make eye contact .
dream job ! i am unemployed .
not as much as some people . not my passion .
i have heard that blank space song a billion times .
just walked home from work getting ready to play soccer .
me too ! what do you do for a living ? i am in finance .
that sounds interesting . fun fact , i cannot stand coffee .
that is a good hobby to have . i enjoy the outdoors also .
that would be an amazing trip ! i have an indoor garden since i live in an apartment .
i like fishing too . i also like to hike .
wow ! did she get any photos ?
wow that would be exciting and scary .
hi ! i am doing well , cooked up some stews today , how about you ?
aw its okay , i am an older lady so i do not mind
oh , do you like to watch tv ? i enjoy spongebob
cool , i always get nachos with extra cheese when i go to the movies
i cannot help it , i love cheese . wish they had cheese popcorn too
that is a good idea , now i want to add cheese to my stews !
once i perfect the recipe i will cook stews with cheese for you
great and maybe they will help remedy your feet haha
hi , i am good . purple is my color . how about you ?
yes i like that color too
yeah birthdays mean allot to me .
just to my sports car .
so where are you located at
oh well how nice . does it rain allot there ?
yeah same here . kinda excited for fall .
i am fine . thank you . how are you ?
i am a high school student . not a smart one !
do you love your job ? what did you study ?
cool . i have no patience when it comes to studies .
yes you are right . i do not have it .
no . i do not . they are just tiny insects .
what are your hobbies ? anything new going on this summer ?
could not be better ! just got back from playing tennis . i love it !
every chance i get . what about you ?
oh you have dogs ? my pug is called corky
haha . anyway , do you want to go out with me ? i am single .
no worries . i go out on dates a lot , and my favorite place is the mall .
some people do not like the noise , but it does not bother me . i was born totally deaf .
lots of people , so much eye candy !
when i am not at the mall , i like to play tennis .
i am doing well . how was your day ?
how are you enjoying the cooler weather ?
i love summer , but i am enjoying fall as well .
i am not working right now . how about you ?
oh , how exciting . what kind of business ?
that is really cool . unfortunately , i do not think i have any business savvy .
doing alright . just chilling watching bugs bunny . you ?
right on . what are you watching ?
i just crunched up halloween oreos into some ice cream . pretty good .
it was pretty great . have you ever shot a bow ?
well , recently i have become obsessed with archery . pretty top notch stuff .
no , i realized i hated sports but i had no skills . so i just picked one . archery .
i do not . i have been to busy . maybe one day i will have a family .
no pets . i might get a goldfish .
great i can dance great
can he say his abc ?
mostly square dancing its great
i got engaged one time to be married in france
i like dancing its really relaxing
no he decided he wanted something different
it sure is , sounds fun
do you zumba a lot
i am good how are you
i am currently struggling in school
i am not doing well in my classes and its putting me in debt
not sure maybe i am not taking the right classes
i guess not its really hard
wow that is crazy do you like being outside
that is true maybe i should reevaluate
do you love her , know her well , and feel ready to ?
i say go for it ! i love winter weddings , my fave time of year .
no . been busy trying new physical therapy with hopes to walk .
car accident in a new car a friend gifted me . other driver dui .
so when do you think you will propose ?
i wish you the best !
just a sec , gotta take my vitamin c to fight off this cold .
i am a surgeon and love watching it .
wow that is tall britney spears really inspire me and travelling with friends is my activity .
how about you what do you do ?
hot dogs again the one that i meet also do that .
so be a hotdog then you can be one just make sure your hot .
who is your favorite player ?
you are not answering my question i can report you .
now were talking i hate him to selfish
how can i do that i will post it on facebook !
pretty good . just leaving to go to school .
law , just retired from military like my dad , second career .
hmmm . . . vikings enjoy meat just like me .
lol . . . . my girlfriend , whom i love , would agree with you .
oh , i live near by in washington state . too many fires right now .
i live close to the ocean so not so bad right now .
green nails . how does that look ?
my kids does her nails everyday .
hi ! how are you ?
great ! do you have any hobbies ?
what are you studying ?
video games are much cooler ! any favorite superheros video characters ?
i was a superman fan , actually , when i was a child !
superwoman will win it no doubt !
hi ! i do not have a favorite band but my favorite reading is twilight
well i do not have a job because i broke my nose when i was 10
well at least you do not have 6 toes on your foot like me !
yes ! that is why i dislike skiing
it really sucks ! do you ski ?
i see , what do you do for fun ?
fun ! i am not old enough to go yet
i am not worried at all !
i have never read it . read something else !
do not see why not . i would read them animal books .
you are welcome . i am all about animals .
i like music . i own a store and used to play in a band .
christian band . i sing . my parents do too .
my parents both do . good thing to do .
they are . are your parents still living ?
i thought about retiring in colorado but now hope for florida .
hi , i am great . i am jack . how are ya ?
oh wow . cool . what are some hobbies of yours .
my favorite is playing tennis with my friends and two sisters . i love dogs .
whats your dogs name ? and what breed ?
that is great . my occupation in baking .
i actually make birthday cakes . congratulations on your 15th birthday !
that is cool ! ! are you on a soccer team ?
wow . good for you ! ! any other teams ?
awesome and how about yourself ?
at a store right now although i also act . how about you ?
that is awesome ! i definitely admire that ,
i see ! well my acting is kind of secret right now until i am famous .
thanks ! i am getting up there but i take good care of my skin .
definitely a good skin practice .
well this is weird but i put on costumes for people .
my name is jim and i am an empire addict how are you ?
does she play in baltimore ? maybe she can help me get a job .
keep up your a grades in school young man . i always get them .
spaghetti and meatballs rock . i rake it up like yo goti says .
i have found you will always get what you want if you put god first .
i thought you were still in elementary school
well think about it in your old age . of 8 or 9 .
crippled by my fear of social situations , and sober , as always . you ?
nope . never have . do you ? i just like alabama football , and geology .
yeah , everybody likes food . except my girlfriend . . she is pretty anorexic .
cool , i always wanted to go see a game in person , but crowds scare me .
are you a male cheerleader ? we do not have any male cheerleaders at alabama university .
oh , great . my girlfriend wants to be a mom . we have been together 7 years .
she is afraid of looking fat due to the pregnancy . anorexia , ya know ?
i am great today ! how are you ?
i know a lot of old rap , i am kind of an old soul .
well i am passionate about a lot , i love to write !
pretty much anything but love stories ha
i love them too ! i like working on them
i would like to go to germany and drive on the autobahn !
well of course ! you would need that !
nope ! not married and no kids !
hi i am brief i am doing good how are you
did you catch anything big ?
maybe next time you will . what do you do for a living ?
hopefully you find something soon . i play the violin at a restaurant
its fun and an easy job i practiced a lot as a kid
about 10 its okay it can be hard depending on what you want to learn
its a popular fancy restaurant so they like slow love songs .
yeah , what kind of food do you like
i went to an indian place few weeks ago and learned i love it
yeah it really is . well i have to get ready for work was nice talking to you
hi . i am a guy surfer from ca . tell me more about yourself .
i mostly listen to the muggers , the band . the best .
agree . when i listen to them i have bizarre dreams at night sometimes .
interesting . are you single ? married ?
me too . do not think i see myself tied down to 1 person right now
too busy surfing to have one relationship . you meditate , i ride the waves
maybe we know each other . what coast ?
wow that is dedication lol
a www . . . i care for my granny
so true . i have two kids as well that i cherish
true . what do you do for a living ?
cool . . . i am in the insurance business
that is a neat jib
i need that job , i work 6 days a week
that is a sweet deal
i would be doing much better if i did not have to just eat broccoli . yuck .
oh , cool ! are you excited ? you should tell your best friend about the new career !
whenever i have good news i like to tell my mom . she is my best friend .
wow , what a coincidence . are you afraid of the dark too ?
what kind of music do you like ?
i also like all music . my favorite though would have to be rock .
yeah , i definitely like rock more than metal .
yeah , for sure ! that would be a good time !
i am doing good . how are you ?
that stinks . i hate being late . i love staying fit
that stinks . i am a personal trainer
oh ok that is cool . i go fishing on the wends
31 . i like hiking on the wends
no but i live near las vagas , nevada . people call me dave
wow that a cool place i play sports we went there once
wow congrats ! the sport is volleyball
pickled eggs ? have you tried those ?
i like those pickled , i just done doing my nails
yeah even my hair too i style it
oh how about you ? you do something fun ?
that s kinda legit and relaxing
tell me more about it
i am good hope you are well
i am in hawaii ! it is gorgeous !
i like to play the playstation
yes i swim a lot too
i love music . what is your favorite band ?
yes i love to binge watch shows
nice ! ! ! ! what movie are you excited to go see
hi jason . my name is ronald . how is it going ?
i have never been ! i am actually from zimbabwe . explains my love for running .
nice ! what do you like to photograph ?
unfortunately , not a lot . applied for welfare last month . it has me depressed .
it has been over a month . i am hoping to change that within two weeks .
not much . my father is still in prison after making some bad lifestyle choices .
exactly ! i hope you are working to improve our environment !
hi louis ! my wife is also named louis , how funny
no , but i like to play guitar . do you like music ?
i do not read much , i work 10 hours in a factory every day
it is . especially with two kids . do you have any children ?
yes , i make train parts at my factory . do you like trains ?
have you ever been on a train ?
my son does too . how old are you ?
you should learn to play an instrument . i always wanted to be in a band .
lol y do not u like tomato ?
aw i am sorry . do u like other veggies better ?
omg ew , i never eat that anymore lol
o how old are ur kids ? i love kids
woah ur kids are not much older than i am ahahah
lol are ur kids into music ? ? ?
haha i bet u did , that is really great . i love music .
hello hello , i am well ! i work in pr , always talking ! and you ?
nothing wrong with that , its important work ! do you have vegan options at the deli ?
i would love to ! are you in the seattle area ?
i love to chant . i am a buddhist . been so my entire life
cool ! ever heard of bon over ? they are my favorite . best band in the world
i hope you like them as much as i do . so how do you like seattle ?
yes , i do not own a car so i enjoy running
i also enjoy running near the park next to my apartment
unfortunately i do have any children .
i really love purple . you ?
i agree , my podcast player is orange . i enjoy listening to them .
no i do not . do you ?
what did you name your pets ?
i love those names , very unique .
i like classical , bach is a favorite of mine
i enjoy traveling and reading
i wear many hats , there should be multiple streams of revenue
ah marketing , the great science of human nature . do you enjoy it ?
how intriguing ! i am very fond of cards , although they sometimes are not fond of me
brains can only get you so far in a game of chance
hi there !
i love cycling . my friends and i are a part of a cycling group .
excellent idea ! that and along with a healthy diet and lifestyle will surely pay off .
really ? that is awesome . i am a waiter in an italian restaurant .
not really . it is quite nearby .
nice chatting with you too !
i do not go to school , i work in a grocery store
is it on the corner ?
maybe you see me there ? i draw and drink dr pepper all day
sure would be , but i am there only during the day
i am at a club as a bouncer in the evenings listening to punkrock , whats your music choice ?
he is everywhere now , with his red balloon
avoid him is your best bet if you want to live
i love to chew black jack gum
that is cool . i teach a drawing class . and japanese
over ten years ago i came here to teach high school
to the us , nh my thick accent i cant say hippopotamus accent too thick
i am too old for rap . i am 35 and still single
i like shushi but they do not make it good here
i always wanted to go there . seafood must be amazing
never been to maryland . that where you from originally
i have been to nyc and long island
i am okay . very tired .
i like football . what about you ?
i am very bad at catching things .
i am a freelance artist .
i like to make sculptures ! i am also a freelance writer .
i write on movie blogs . what is your favorite book ?
me too . i like space books .
he is very talented .
hello , how are you doing today
i am great , what do you do for a living
retired , i will be leaving to travel to ireland
no i a vegan
i been a vegan two years ago
that is funny , do you have any pets
yes have you as well i smoked cigs when i was
i love driving so i will drive you to another country if you want
i have a bunch of piercings will that be an issue
sample italian food and you
that must be a fun job
i am always online with my friends
all the time i could not live without them
i like music do you
hey there i am listening to my friend hey
that is cool what do you do for a living
cool , like music ? i like a singer also .
that is cool , like to work ? i do
awe true , know of madonna ?
what lol you are kidding me ! look her up
i bet you are very little
hi ! probably watching old movies , hopefully with the wife if she is not working again
do you sell instruments records ? wait for it wife is a diesel mechanic !
awesome ! do you get to travel a lot with the band !
nice ! i am dreaming about going to quebec , canada , someday .
i am into yoga , and i teach it too ! namaste !
do you have any pets yourself ?
oh , wow ! do you take them with you on tours with the band ?
so far so good , i do computer work at home .
i love it , especially if blue jello is involved .
yeah i read , do you like long red hair ?
maybe , seems like a lot of work though . do you like asparagus ? i hate it !
ramen sounds good . which one is your favorite ?
that is cool , i like the beef flavored ones .
yes , i love them , they are the best !
sounds delicious , i like mexican food
watching tv thinking about how much i hate my job lol
what do you do ? i am an athlete
need a horse , i really want to explore the world
last time i was on a hose i was in india
i am not sure what you mean ?
yeah that is a tough one , i am not sure myself !
great and you ?
you must be a huge tea fan
that is one of the colors of my lexus
love to dance hate snakes too
snakes and math are my weakness
it has always been a issue for me
hey whats up ?
oh cool what kind of animals ?
oh ok what do you do for a living ?
why does your husband not like animals . i do that is why i am vegan .
that is so sad . i hate to see unloved animals .
i am so glad to hear that .
hi . i am good ! posting on instagram .
sports things . i need to be practicing soccer .
i am obsessed with working out and being great .
soccer ! i also enjoy basketball and running .
i eat very healthy . mainly veggies .
oh . my weakness is oreos .
what do you do for a living ?
i am still in college . i got a soccer scholarship .
i am good , just got off the bus . how are you ?
i do not drive and i was at work at the bookstore .
that is cool . i do not know my dad . my mom helps people as a nurse .
what city do you live in ?
austin texas . do you have any tattoos ? i have three .
what else can you tell me about yourself .
i like music ! what do you like to sing ?
interesting ! i would love to hear you sing sometime .
i am great . how about you ?
is it ? i have not been outside yet , i am at work at the hospital .
oh i saw the news at the small community college i go to . terrible .
nursing so i can stay at the hospital i work at now .
no . do you know any ?
haha , well pasta is the food i love so i guess i speak italian too
no , i am only 20 , not really ready for more responsibilities . you ?
that is cool . i am actually reading a fiction book about a possessed cat lol
i have a job at mcdonalds ;
i love playing the video games , yes sir !
i hope it clears up . agnew is the name of my pet iguana !
i participate in the game of football !
start wars is my favorite film
star wars is my favorite film
maybe my pet iguana ? that is all i have
eh , it is a little colder then i would prefer . how are you ?
that sounds like a good day . i spent the afternoon polishing my my guns .
i am ! i drive a pickup , dislike holidays and collect guns .
i should pick up a simpler past time like you .
did you like it there ?
new york originally but i moved south a few years ago .
nah , i moved to get away from my ex wives .
i am doing well , how are you ?
sounds like fun ! where are you going out to ?
that is usually a smart move .
i can relate ! happy wife , happy life .
i really enjoy reading , writing and visiting art museums
very nice ! i am really hoping to be a published author one day
mainly fiction . i enjoy fantasy and safi .
hey how is everything . nice to take a break from drawing my comics .
nice i love kids . that is why i love creating comics .
since my main job is working at a grocery store i am unable to travel much .
i wish i had more time for my kids but i am a bouncer for more income
i try . nothing would please me more than sharing a dr . pepper with my son .
i feel you . sometimes i have only enough time to enjoy a stick of black jack gum .
i currently live in la . the punkrock scene is amazing here
hello , i am doing well thank you . how are you ?
what do you do for work ? i work from home .
i am sorry to hear that . what would you rather be doing ?
do you have any other hobbies ?
aww that is so sweet ! i spend a lot of time in the gym working out .
spiders are scary ! are you in a relationship ? besides your dog
i am currently planning my wedding to my high school sweetheart
thank you ! i just hope my parents in kentucky can make it to the wedding
i am great , how are you ?
i do too , working at mcdonalds has added a few pounds
it is just ok . i am only working there to buy my first car
a honda civic , a real gas saver
yes i am a college student so i need all my money
what do you do for a living ?
that is a pretty good job
i am good are you
nice it is hilarious yeah
i teach most of the time
do you ever catch them
wow that is not a fair race
wow 6th place in what
wow you sound fast then
hello , i am from new york . i have never been outside the us .
i have a friend who lives in japan . i hope to visit someday .
i am sorry . do what i do when i am sad . eat some ice cream .
what kind of work do you do ?
i have figured out how to make a living walking dogs . fun !
seven days a week . i am in demand .
any kind of dog there is . probably not as exciting as a prison .
you speak good english for living in france . where you born there ?
hi there , i am okay . do you like animals ?
awesome . i am just about ready to adopt a dog .
yeah , its a rescue dog from the local shelter .
yeah , its a rescue dog from the local shelter .
nice . i am jealous . i live in maryland .
baltimore . whats your favorite food ? i just discovered indian food .
i am a nurse just like my mother . how about you ?
i use to play soccer , then nike hired me to be there accountant
i will be moving to london to manage the all nike team accounts
i love sweets , london has really good pastries
that is awesome , i may take my 3 brothers with me
do you have any hobbies to speak of
hunting with your sisters is really strange
no i just buy my clothes on the nike website
what do yall hunt for , also what is your age
well i am a barista , so maybe a nice coffee to wash down ?
funny you should ask for pumpkin spice , orange is my fave color lol
yeah me too ! i just love a rose bush
what did you have for lunch ?
not just yet , i am vegan so i am a little finicky
you obviously do not like beef lol , are you currently studying ?
hello , no i have not . i am a boy scout leader for my sons group .
yes they love my celebrity impressions and i teach them the four languages i know .
oh , i love animals . i was in 4h and won many awards . any hobbies ?
brunch is nice , what is your favorite food ?
i like pizza , its easy and yummy .
ham is my favorite . what do you do for work ?
wow , on the internet or do you have a store ?
oh that is pretty cool .
i am doing good . just got a new iphone 7 wahoo
my father has worked 11 hours a day so i can have it
my mother used to read bed times stories to me , and she would sing the words
i am sorry , i am sure if you practice . hey , you like hot chocolate ?
i do too . i always wonder if they will get my allergy to seafood
yes i do . it sucks
i hope so . looks like only the future will tell
a little tired , my daughter wore me out . how about you ?
i do too . i love going to the park , so beautiful and relaxing
eh , not too much . i like pumpkin but not the excess of it . you ?
i like to decorate with them but i do not have much room in my apartment
not really , with a 7 year old in the house , its a lot of cartoons
i have taken my daughter to the creek and catch little fish . what do you fish ?
i wish my boyfriend would learn something useful like that , ahahah
just under a year . how about you ? anyone in your life ?
i am great , do you have any hobbies
mine are running , training dogs and baking cookies
i love to eat bagels with my coffee , i like to put everything on them
no i do not run marathons i like to drink coca cola too much
i work for the government , its a boring job
no i do not read that much , how about you ?
i work for the postal service , what do you do ?
that is cool what sport do you play
i have a huge appetite , a hard job . i cut down trees , eat pancakes and
alright ! that is a mouthful . how many grandchildren ?
i get it . fish is my second favorite after syrup and pancakes
omg ! never together . what do you do for a living ?
so do you work at home ? i work outdoors , but not at home
i am a champion tree cutter , though i hate to brag . you must be good with numbers .
yeah . but i try to stay humble . country lifestyle
i am good than for asking
i am going to vegas this weekend
where are you from ? i am in cali
what state are you located ?
are you currently retired ? lol
what did you used to do ?
i am overwhelmed too with my practice for the game .
well i guess it is ok to use my nike cleats as i stop those soccer balls .
we have been kicking the ball around together only 30 days .
oh no . well you wo not see 42 doing anything wrong .
he is the one you will see defending the goal .
i am number 42 stopping the soccer balls .
that is good . watch for 42 .
just finishing up a great book and relaxing . how about you ?
a dog lover ! i enjoy being on my own right now . no one home but me .
pizza margherita with thin crust . whats yours ?
but they are good for you . ever have sweet tater fries ?
no . i had foot surgery can barely walk . i am rooting for you though .
mine is dream theater . i love peaceful music .
you got it ! but you love to run . are you a triathlete ?
hi ! i am echo , and i eat sushi and pizza while studying for exams .
i cook in mine . helps break up the studying for my masters .
my major is social sciences , my thesis is on ballroom dancing .
not at all . i am a hip hop girl
tubac is my favorite , even after all this time .
no one does it like snoop dog though .
i have been introducing my kids to one artist a week .
hi , i am doing great , how are you doing ?
daily ? i eat that during summer , but i am not big fan of hot weather
i am the opposite , i love staying home reading a lot of books
that sounds nice , i should do that to spend time with my friends and family
no worries , i knew what you tried to say anyway
geez , you should travel the world to relax . i would do it if i could
and you could travel listening to music . i love all genres except country
pretty good thx and you ?
do you own a lot of shoes ?
have you ever been overseas ?
well you ai not doing them yo
yeah many times i have
i have . lots of fancy cheeses
what does your mom do
mine is a famous person
hi , i am doing great . what about you ?
if you need a hairdresser let me know , i am searching for a side job
looks are not important , pick a hobby , mine is running
sounds nice . what do you do for living ? i work cooking , grill cook
i use to work in retail , now i am dreaming to have my own restaurant
related to what i do now , grill cook , nothing fancy
in a tv show you mean ?
i am well and you ? what do you do ?
awesome ! i am an organic vegetable grower
impressive . i got my degree in agriculture
does she have one of those implants or invisible ear things ?
oh i m sorry to hear that . do you have hobbies ?
i see . i like to hike
the ocean is the best
i live in the mountains actually
hi ! i am so good . what are you doing ?
oh i like that ! i watch shows like that while i clean my house .
face , it is on the syfy channel , it is so good . what do you like ?
wow , what did you do ?
that is scary , i would run , but i love to run . do you like food ?
i can make chinese and italian food . i do not bake though .
i am jealous , as a homemaker i can only dream about that .
wow ! do i know her ? i am more of a homebody .
great . i am just cooking some lasagna
it is my favorite food . just like garfield
oh that is a shame . do you do anything about it ?
good for you . what do you do for work ?
oh yummy . i bet that makes it hard to be healthy though .
one day i plan on being an astronaut
do you like magic at all ?
yes . you should watch penn and teller
i am doing well and you ?
cool ! do you like singing ? i sing for my school chorus
interesting , i am living with my grandparents and sign for them often
i hope they do , in exchange my grandma makes me jewelry
she probably does , she has lots of swag !
she also likes karate , she is why i got a brown belt !
she does ! what do you do for fun ?
cool ! do you have any children ?
hi . i am doing well . its raining and i love it .
yes ! i do like winter alot too . just laying in my single bed cuddled .
no i do not like it .
i like anything handheld , like burritos . so easy to eat while driving my van .
that is awesome . do you have hobbies ?
i like painting flowers and birds .
that sounds like a cool job . no , i do not have a job right now
that sounds like a great time .
oh lord i am pregnant again . this time i found out its twins .
i am ok except the morning sickness for the last 3 months . how are you ?
so we have both been throwing up every day but for different reasons .
i have been sick every day for 3 months straight .
no but i would not mind putting my other 3 kids in storage for 6 months .
yes he is 36 years old with a good job but i am only 26
triplets and now twins on the way and i am only 26 .
yep . i am here . how are you
writing a short story right now . i am an aspiring author
not published . it ; s science fiction . what are some of your hobbies ?
oath fun . i also like to run and jog and just exercise for my hobby
haha . do you live in the usa ?
awesome . i love to travel too . last year i went to vietnam
no . also have been to indonesia , hungary and albania
i am doing great , just got back from mcdonalds , you ?
i would love to go , instead i am living with my parents .
how old are they ? maybe we could hangout .
he is always playing over our mcdonalds speaker .
have you been to a concert yet ?
we should all go together sometime !
i ride horses while on my year off before college .
do you own any horses ?
my name is ian i am from the midwest you
shopping and knitting your self ?
pillows blankets and things like that
you live in a cold climate ?
would love to visit do you have any tattoos
i have two but what do you do for work
they are stars for my siblings , mostly office work
very nice . i speak english ! i am still in high school , too .
sorry about your husband . i only have one very good friend .
i hope you can be ! i am not happy with my high school years up till now .
i wish i was not so young . i want to move out and make more money .
that is what my dad says .
he can be too strict sometimes . . . very authoritarian .
i suppose . is that a rule , too ?
that one is okay , then , i guess
blue , it is the only color , it is what i love , blue ! blue !
what ? , i cook with red wine its my passion ! ! !
i would tell her that my hair is long an blonde , it is my hair !
garden , hah . running , that is my passion , i really like it !
no because my mother was killed horribly by 2 boxers when i was young
do you have blue ! , that is what i like , it is my favourite !
great ! praying and reading the bible . do you love god ?
i thought joining the army , but now i am too old for that .
so sorry ! i have nieces and nephews from my wifes side .
we travel a lot and love rural places .
god bless you and your big extended furfamily !
i collect bibles from all over the world , and you ?
nothing , just playing with my cats
i work at a departmental store , what about you ?
ohh , that is great . do you like your job ?
do you have any pet ?
sounds good ! i have also 6 cats .
yeah , but i feel comfortable with them
hi how are you today ?
and where do you work at ?
i do not have a job i dropped out
i read and mourn my terrible decisions
reading in french mostly yeah
i live in america on the streets
well you should practice then
oh fun . just finished making furniture myself .
that is nice of you to do .
nope i have not . it is good ?
ok . what do you do for work ?
trying to start a furniture business myself but clean houses now .
sounds like you love to bake ? i i
wish people would just clean their own houses .
just think we should all clean our own houses . build furniture .
hi ! i have to keep them on for now ! how are you this fine day ?
why does she want to leave ? do you want her to stay ?
definitely keep the pants on for those discussions . what hobbies do you have ?
i do not play , but also enjoy fishing and dogs ! do you have any pets ?
what are they busy with ?
my father was a carsalesman . i turned out to be a very happy person .
sure , but you probably do not want to bribe her to stay with cars too expensive ! ;
good ideas ! i hope it works on her !
the are five children in my family . i am oldest . how many in your family ?
my pops teaches school . i am his oldest child . what tunes you listening to ?
my sister is in grade one . are you a student ?
wow ! i write short stories . i am published . are your parents married ?
no . where have you travelled to ?
oh okay . i am not the tallest sibling . are you ?
six four . i have three brothers . are you a student ?
no . i have one sister . she sings first grade songs . you live at home ?
pharmacy ?
where are you from
i am in riverside
i have always wanted to go . . . youre lucky
you said that already
what do you do for a living ?
oh right lol
lol
i just recently retired at age 60
at my age i am in very good health
i had to get glasses recently due to some retina problems
at my age i exercise alot , i like staying very active
do you have grandchildren ? i have 8
over all my health is excellent though
no i do not have any pets , i would not have time with all these grand kids
i use to have pets when my kids were little
my mom just bought new shoes too . she is my roommate .
what color did she die it ?
elvis is the name of one of my lizards . the other one is ragini .
whats your favorite song or album ?
that was my great grandmothers favorite song , too !
i have tried , and i like a few songs , but cannot get into it
i like to listen to ray charles .
you like ray charles music too ?
i am at work . texting during work .
it is my break . my roommate takes up the computer at home .
my roommate also drinks beer which i do not like at all
i collect koala bear memorabilia as they are my fav animals .
once i get a full time job i hope to afford singing lessons
maybe to work with koala bears ? lol . that does not seem likely
i hope you do not hunt koala bears !
if i work full time i can get rid of my roommate .
hello , i am doing very well thank you . getting ready to go to brunch .
i do not . what to you do for a living ? i am an army recruiter .
that sounds fun , what kind of car do you drive ?
i am not . i prefer to spend time and money on my car .
i have a black mclaren . it is my favorite .
that is why i am single , lol
yes , it can . dating is so hard these days .
i cannot either . so , i go to car shows and treat myself nice .
i do not have a college degree either
wow that impressive , my iq is above average i make deserts
i am not familiar with tool , but sounds good , genre ?
yes i love it though , ppl have weird request
oh cool like more jazz , r and b sounds
xxx cakes , i will just leave it there
haha right , no degree but i have a great career
that is good stuff , i like some meat as well though
good . how about you ? whats your job . i am a teacher .
awesome . what do you do in your free time ?
nice . i love being outdoors . i kayak a lot .
second grade . they are so cute . all 26 of them .
baltimore , md . how about you ?
cool . i graduated in 2016 .
hi i am aj i am really angry with my worker
something very bad . are you married ?
no . but i am think i might get married again . do you have a partner ?
me too . i did not want an open relationship but i think i will .
sounds fun . i might go an extra mile today while walking
i agree . motivation is if you are fat .
you should not . keep up with your healthy life
me too . green bay packers are life .
how are you doing this morning
that is cool i am just watching a movie
fifty shades darker very good movie
no this movie is not for kids underage
i like to bake cakes and decorate them and play sports
remodeling homes i bet that is fun
i bet but i bet it shows your style
i am a baker and stay at home mom
i am ok . i like gardens i think
i sometimes am single but wonder why i am married
well , you only live once
i am not smart . i am fat
men amen are so so stupid
oh my . nobody is any good
i have no blue socks
i do not wear any socks . i do not believe in them
haha , you and me both ! what are your plans ?
what an odd coincidence ! me too !
my woman is 6 months along . i planned on asking at dinner tonight .
we got a new house a couple days ago near my ladies parents also .
everyone has a doppelganger ! haha . just started a new job coaching highschool kids .
i will keep dinner on our account low tonight , no worries . hope your engagement goes well !
i just hope it is not my wife ! ! !
are you hoping for a boy or a girl ?
hello , i am carl , quarter back for my schools team . you ?
wow ! when i am older i want to play pro football . you sing ?
i see ! you married ? i love my schwinn bike .
oh okay jim . i am 18 with a footlong beard . you cook ? i do .
we need more clowns in reality tv . you dance jim ? i do .
whos clive jim ? you play football ? i do .
yes ! how old are you jim ? any gray hair ? i paint pictures too .
i am doing well . do you have any hobbies ?
i like to work on cars and to travel
do you teach cooking ? where was the best place you went
why did you switch careers
how many kids do you have
i love cats ! , i have 2 dave and miss sampson
great names ! what are your kids names
i think they are great !
hello . do you have any favorite animals ? mine is a bear !
i love beets that is why my house is on a beet farm
its fun . whats your favorite show ? mine is battlestar galactica
i go door to door selling papers to pay for all my beets .
tell me a little about yourself .
what do you do for a living ?
oh . that does not sound average
hi ! i am good . i just got done watching goodfellas , my favorite movie !
cool ! do you have other hobbies ? i love to watch football and hockey on tv .
oh nice , great exercise . i really love reading , but should get outdoors more .
i am planning a party for my parents , they have been married 40 years this friday !
that is great , too many marriages do not last these days .
me either , too many headaches . haha
no , i am very shy so it is hard to meet people .
good evening , i am doing good ! how r u this fine nite
glad it came back on for u
wow so u were stewing in your own juices lol
oh yea those poor creatures , i have a couple turtles
i got two snapping turtles , they are fun
so u really like it in the keys
hi . well , i like video games , how about you ?
i used to be a sports fan but now my mom lives with me and she is not
yes , i wish i lived with my boyfriend in italy though
if i were there i would just eat all the food i hate to cook
my hair is long it always gets in my food when i cook
you should just come cook for me
i love mexican food . what else do you like ?
i am a human not a dear but i a doe you !
do you guys go to food trucks after ?
very nice are you guys confident ?
i hate when i cannot find parking spots
yeah i just wanna eat the food trucks food
that is awesome i am very quiet
i am ruth , i own 1 pair , but need more bc i love hiking .
people laugh at me bc i am always singing praises about my iphone as its my fav
college work ? me never been to college and i work as a teller at a bank .
so you live the good life !
is your sister already married ? or does she want your room ?
she must want your room then . . . lol
do you have any other siblings ?
hello ! i love to travel and am planning of visiting seattle i love it there
i live and work in new york so very different
wonderful dream ! i hope you get to do that
interesting life . i am a meeting coordinator for now
wonderful goal . mine would be to travel with my husband and two children
family is everything , the older i get the more special it becomes
oh that is sad . i am glad you had him
that is such a young age i am so sorry
well lets play is fun and creating channels to call my own is great .
i am really not that interesting . do you like dolphins ? they are my favorite .
yeah they are great . when we are done talking i have to go pick my dad up .
i have his truck . i have to pick him up at his advertising agency .
i like the crazy shades of blue .
me too . i really like watching the dolphins toss red balls in the air .
i am good thanks . i just got off work at the bank .
great i need a new vet for my cat ! lol
o my bad ! lol my ex husband is a veteran also .
awesome ! i have recently moved my grandmother into my guest house .
lol sort of , she lives in the guest house . do you have any hobbies ?
i like collecting teapots and i also volunteer at a shelter .
i like hockey and nascar , what about you ?
football is good too , but i like hockey more .
i am doing well . just have to find a place to plugin my laptop . how are you ?
i am a college student and a writer . what about you ?
wow . i love military history . what branch ?
what did you do ? it all sounds very interesting to me .
wow . just wow . i bet you have some great stories .
philosophy and history . kind of a the meaning of war meets the motivations of it .
i am not even sure how that works . can you explain ?
have you done a lot of that ?
fine , except girlfriends numbers 1 , 2 , 3 and 4 are unavailable tonight !
i like having different partners for different steak night
i am just a cowboy , looking for the right one to rope up one day !
well , my horse scruffy does not seem to mind the extra company !
well , these boots were not made for caring less , friend ! what do you care about ?
haha well those are good things to care about , no dogging ya there ma am
doing pretty well , thanks for asking , how bout yourself ?
nice ! i used to live there but moved to maine for work ; do not miss that heat , haha .
oh wow ! you know , i dabble in photography ; maybe you can introduce us sometime .
dang , really interesting family you got there ! are you close with them at all ?
that is great ! i live by myself so its got me homesick . . .
that is a great breed ! do not have a dog but would love to get one .
ll , the best . so , what do you do for work ?
i will be honest , i have no clue who a fred remington is , haha .
i am not , but i do love creating art with my mind and hands !
no . too busy to set up in the mall as a wife and mom of two sons
that is alright . you should come over to my house . let your dogs run in the yard
my parents taught me to be inspired . i could paint your dogs whilst they play ?
sounds great . what else do you enjoy ?
we do not , but maybe we should give it a go
we should . my boys would love that . thank you
hi kellie , i am sarah . my dog , snuggles says hi as well
i am thank you . numbers , is constantly running through my head . sucks !
an accountant . what do you do for a living ?
a photographer , that is really amazing . i love that
been wanting to get my black hair back straightened again .
lol . . natural curls are gorgeous . i permed mine
leprechauns that is for sure ! lol
yes ! i agree that there is a pot of gold at the end . and a leprechaun !
i do . a beautiful kitty named majora .
i am great . how are you ?
a little bit , but i am mostly too busy for that . how about you ?
i spend a lot of time drawing . i want to be an artist .
what do you do for a living ?
i am sorry to hear that . are you looking for similar work now ?
warmer sounds great to me . my parents came from greece , and i visit often .
its beautiful . have you traveled much ?
that makes sense . so what do you do for fun ?
i am well , thank you . how are you ?
i was just playing a video game .
play football and watch movies . i love star wars .
i like the steelers ! do you have any pets ? i have an iguana .
www . . . puppies are so cute ! the library . . . huh . my job is mcdonald .
oh , i see . that would be a drag if you have to do it very often .
i am going to go on a hike and take some pictures .
fun ! where are you from ? i am from portland maine .
yes i work at an environmental engineering firm . what about you ?
yes definitely . the environment is my best friend because i live by myself .
i wish i had a dog to go on hikes with
i do all the time . sometimes for work because we study pollution and nature
sounds fun . what is your major field of interest ?
wow ! i would love to take some photos of fruit trees .
ham and cheese , how about you
cheese sandwich i would say .
i am into orange juice too , how about you ?
i am arnold by the way
i watch tv all the time , and i am only 10
yeah , i thoughtfully too and it is fun
just keep chatting fast . . like 2 mins
hi how are you today ?
i am just teaching art per usual
i do both of course silly !
i could teach him as well
i fix thrift store things
do you sell them by . . . the sea shore ?
that joke is like folk music . its never new and never too old
all kinds what about you ?
nice to meet ya jeff , i am john , just chilling
that is cool going to the casino later
not alot but overdue it when i do
wow that sounds like good job there
cool cool , i am in new orleans
i am not sure , i do not hike , i eat alot of shrimp tho
o really cool , how long you been in photography
cool cool , i met a guy , he believe he is a vampire , weird huh ?
if i drove i would probably wonder that .
my mom made me get braces and i hate it !
i get told alot that i talk when i am not supposed to
i hope to one day become a veterinarian . i love animals , you ?
never thought of chasing food truck , i need to eat less . that would not help .
i have been doodling ponies on my three ring binder , trying to stay busy .
i would if these braced did not feel so ugly .
they can , especially after an adjustment .
hello , it was good . how about yours ?
i tried a lot of new recipes
i do ! especially new desserts !
do you post about your food on social media ?
oh , i really like social media !
i am a scientist . what about you ?
where do you cashier at ?
i am doing great . how are you ?
that is an older show right ?
oh i do not have one of those
it sounds slimming for sure
pickles are a little much . i like carbonara .
i like music and hanging outside
i like to cook sometimes
that sound fun ! i live close to the ocean . do you like the ocean ?
i love to boat and surf ! i am not good at surfing though . its hard !
wow ! i love food but do not like red meat at all !
what color is your hair ! brown here ! its curly and a pain in the butt !
ya brown is boring ! purple would be cool !
that will be awesome ! what kind of movies do you like to direct ?
those can be fun to do too !
practice all you can and it will pay off one day !
i am great how are you
i actually like hearing them in the pool
i live to swim and work in my garden
wow three jobs what are they ?
i work as a cashier
that sounds so fun mine would be pie cook
my favorite is apple pie
i am good and that is cool i watch anime and they have pandas
my grandparents surfed before they died
wow that is so cool i want to show you my garden
sure but i mainly have flowers
that is true or make some wine
it is very good , you should try it
yes it would be right up your alley then
i could be i am not sure i like meat but i love animals
doing alright went for a hike about to cook you ?
just relaxing had a long night
singing lessons last night found out i cant sing voice bad
well music makes my day
type faster please and books are amazing just can sit to read
reading is amazing i use to enjoy reading while touring
well let me tell you about how to relax
a hike always be nice
i am great . just working on making some clothes .
aw love it ! i make lots of unique clothes for boys .
my daughters love him . and all my students at school
that is cool i am a art teacher and we are drawing horses right now in class
nice do you ride horses at the camp site ?
that is awesome . i am heading to the thrift shop tonight .
yes ! i usually buy them to make them into really nice new items .
if you find anything i can help sew it into something new
thanks you have a great night as well
awesome ! i just finished a hike .
nice i only eat vegan foods .
that sounds more fun than me , i work in accounting .
it truly is ! do you have a favorite artist ? mine is bob ross .
i like them too . do you like fashion ? my mom has her own brand .
got ya lol what do you do for fun ?
that is sweet ! how many kids do you have ?
yes boys will be boys they say !
hi allie i am rod i also love cookies and running wild .
yes because my favorite band is american eagle
not yet lets have a dinner i will pick you up with my chevy truck
yes but i do not eat vegetables i like spending time with my family .
i do not drink soda it will make me fat
yes i can do that if you want i can drift it
i do not love sweets just be careful you drink too much soda
just run after you drink a coke so it will burn like me
i have prove it to myself because before i was really fat .
no not at all i feel i am alone when i am fat
but mine is different i am a bed ridden before that is why i am alone .
i have been learning how to garden its meditative for me .
a home garden so peas , tomatoes , etc . what other hobbies do you have ?
that is cool . do you play any instruments ?
that is cool . i play electric violin . i am a huge lindsey stirling fan .
yes ! i am a musician anyways , so its awesome to share my gift with the world .
do you have any favorite bands ? i love imagine dragons .
i got to see them last year he crowd surfed in a hamster ball !
hi yeah i had mexican tonight . did you eat
glad you finally got to eat . where do you work
i understand that . i work as a security guard just started working nights
it is at times sometimes nothing happens . it gets my mind off my recent break up
yeah that does take up a lot of time are you on the swim team ?
oh wow that sounds like fun have you thought of joining a team
exercise is known to make people hungry . do you have any pets ?
i have two boston terriers
yeah they have been a big help
that is sounds good . enjoy your food .
hello , i work at a junior college in nashville .
i am an environmentalist myself . i shop at farmers markets .
i play music when i have spare time .
no , i am a beginner .
yum ! ! we went to the fair and brought home elk burgers .
that is one of my favorites for chili
i have never had it , is it good ?
you sure do . i am a yoga student , so i cannot bulk up
i am great , how are you ?
i am just sitting with my grandkids
they are well , i am only 44 so i can keep up with them , oh really ?
i like the sunshine , but i do like night over day
oh yea , i like chili dogs
no time i have to drive to work , it takes me an hour each way
no not really , do you
yea i understand my fun comes with my grandkids
hello my name is alexander , what is your ?
no i have no kids but i would like some
well , now that i am lottery winner , i want to make babies .
like to buy one , my favorite is seven up
it is not healthy , when i worked before i use to drink to much soda
yeah , when i was a telemarketer , needed that extra energy
whoooooo karaoke night tommorow ! i would love to chat with a hockey player over a song
i need to figure out how to eat apples without a epi pen . . . ever have apple pie ?
i do enjoy game night at the elementary school . 6th graders rock teaching
football or hockey ? crosswords or crocheting for rainy days when not running ?
i teach 6th grade girls volleyball . . . but do love hockey games after karaoke
i could imagine so ! what is your favorite apple ?
one that i could eat without having hives .
indeed , but with a boston cover on the radio , all is good
hi my name is alex . . tell me about yourself what kind of music do you like ?
jazz is awesome , i am into rock . nickelback is my jam .
cool ! i was born in hawaii
i am a potato fiend , it is basically all i eat
sounds nice ! what do you do for fun ?
must be fun ! my version of that is running around a library !
love all animals i am a pretty diehard vegetarian . chickens rock !
i eat eggs , no meat . also love octopus , but wish i knew how to swim !
nope , never learned . i keep busy though !
yes ! that would be great !
i love travel . i have been to many countries in europe and asia .
that sounds great . i travel more for work though .
yes , i tour breweries and the area .
it is nice travel wise . i am a financial analyst so lots of numbers and computer screens .
my wife is the artistic one in my marriage . i am not artistic at all .
that sounds exciting . but you work alone ?
do you work for a company or contract work ?
hey there , i am getting ready for the night shift .
nah i only know good jokes when whiskey is involved ha !
i am a janitor but i am really smart
i live for the weekends when i am off an outdoors
i gotta wear glasses an contacts cant see alot
yes but i am so scary lol lol
you thinking about lasik ? i have
great ! how are you doing today ?
of course ! who is your favorite superhero ?
captain america is my guy !
yes i do ! how about you ?
i love cats ! i have 2 chester and robin . but i love all animals .
nah , not my style ! i wear a lot of scrubs , i work with a veterinarian .
my job is planning weddings . what are you studying ?
i love the theater . when i was younger , i thought about being an architect .
but you get discounts on coffee ! that is awesome .
is he your seventh cat ?
i have two dogs . i miss them when i am at work too .
yup , and they are good at sensing otherwordly things like ghosts .
very true . maybe i will have to get a cat too .
i am too . what happened ?
that sucks . i hope you can get a good one
i need to sell my art to make rent and help my mother
do you like to travel at all ?
yes i love to draw . i love to eat too . sometimes too much .
i love food with lots of spice .
i want to go to the beach and eat oysters
i am alright . having a hard time getting moving today . you ?
cool . what kind do you have ?
those have been in movies , right ?
cool . i like romantic comedies .
not so much that kind for me but hey anything to get out of humor
i like newer stuff like taylor swift .
oh . that is too bad . . .
anybody in particular ? or just all of them ?
i am not sure really . how are you ?
where di you end up going ?
very cool i have a close circle of friends too
i do not but i am the youngest of 8 siblings
i need to find love
i never stop looking for it ! !
i hope so . i sell real estate
hi ! yes it is nice here in louisiana . how about you ?
i spend a lot of time inside studying because i am in medical school .
i moved here for school with my two kids after my divorce .
it is ok . it can be difficult living here as a hindu .
not really a very small amount .
sometimes , but my mom is a great baker . she makes me lots of great treats !
cakes , muffins , cookies , cupcakes ! sugar cookies are my favorite !
i am , but you do not have to be a complete vegetarian .
in the hospital so not so great
i will be okay just some bad shellfish .
yeah i cant eat it . i love cheese .
that is great . i am going to a concert later
i just like to dance hard i do not care where
i do not have one . whats yours
that is a pretty color i like to ride horses as a hobby
its peanut butter jelly time
i love purple you know its royal
i like ! i am a young female , you ?
oh you married ? you farm ? i love swimming have since a child
cool , i have a degree , my masters
my favorite artist is kid rock he is so hot
i would love to live off the land
hello , i am great and you
sounds awesome i have all kind of pets my family own a farm
i moved a little ways from home but we have horses chicken pigs etc
no i do computer repair
plus i eat meat so its hard yes i do and the color red
whats your favorite thing to draw and favorite color
cool i like red even my hair is red
very long it comes to the middle of my back
i am trying to find a job ! where you at ?
i had 2 mustangs they both were purple .
i cannot lol pops works for ups be nice !
i am looking for any job but no science work .
cool ! does it ever get warm there ?
wow is that all it is ? wow
ll ! really omg what do you do on the ship ?
i am from utah how about you
i go to church on sundays do you
you do not know youre beautiful do you
i have a kid , its 3 . do you have any
i am a teacher how about you ?
1st grade , do you teach religion
i teach sunday school on sundays
hello ! i just got home to the family farm .
after moving so far from home , i am hungry for meat !
yeah , the family farm has a lot of computers because i am good with them .
i wish i had one with red hair , then it would match me !
i would have to say that meat is my favorite food .
could you imagine her with red hair ?
if there is any problems with your computer , let me help you repair it .
it was nice talking to you ! i better go get my meat ready to eat !
doing good , how about you ?
so , do you have a favorite color ? mine is yellow .
oh , i love flamingos ! every winter i vacation in florida and see them .
yes , it gets really hot . i go out and sing karaoke , mostly on thursday nights .
i enjoy singing we are the champions from back being a skier in college .
i work at a small advertising agency . i promote my sister , a published author .
good , how about you today ?
yeah , no kidding , i did not go to bed until 2am here .
i was up studying all night for some exams on monday .
not sure yet , still in high school , just taking some general eds .
oh wow ! what team do you play for ?
how tall are you ? can you dunk easily ?
i am doing ok besides the fowl smell around me .
i think it is from baby diapers over time and the stench lingers .
never mind , i thought it was my trash but it was my mom cookin fish
they smell the same , apparently , i like to fish but the smell is different .
in my house everything seems to smell alike . i live in tennessee .
work in a law firm and married for 10 years .
i understand marriage can be difficult . do you listen to music ?
i listen to charlie daniels
what are your hobbies ? i went hiking on a new trail last week .
i would love to go to canada and hike some mountains way up north .
maybe i will go to college in canada so i can do some hiking there .
i work at a bank as a teller
not really , how about you ?
where are you from , your words are hard to understand .
morning , do you like working there ?
have not heard awesome sauce in a while ! i cant wait to graduate , almost finished !
do you like italian food at all ?
do you want her to do your hair ?
if i had a prius i would take it to the beach right now !
do you live anywhere near a beach ?
nice i hope you enjoy !
yeah , its pretty dreary here too . i might go visit my niece and nephew .
hello , i am kind of sad , things are not going well for me
i am divorced , i tried too hard to keep it going .
yes , please help me , by boyfriend is awful . he wants an open relationship
i agree . but , i have been ruined by coworkers , she gets promoted before me
i have many years over her with experience .
that sounds cool , but i want to leave my job , by coworkers are awful
i think i must leave this chat too many or too little words
it is ok . jacked up on 4 mountain dews a day . haha
haha . chess pays the bill . also funds my random stranger sword fights .
that makes my heart sad . maybe a movie about aliens will cheer you up ?
wow . that is crazy . i bet you have a great smile still !
hopefully not at yourself . so what is your favorite color ?
green and purple . it is a toss up .
i am a tattoo artist for work , and for fun i play in a few metal bands .
i am good you ?
hmm i read a lot is my favorite hobby
anything by stephen king what about you any hobbies ?
that is awesome i was born in france and moved to canada when i was young
that is awesome my husband and i would love to go there when our twins are older
i think we would ! i bet i could do a lot of art while there
i am on top of the world . how about you ?
get it tipped , we can achieve anything that we want in life .
ha ! ok . you ever try cooking at home ? it can be good and healthy .
organization is the key to everthing . then its easy . do anything fun ?
no pets for me . i love to turn on jimmy fallon daily .
yeah , ll , so , can i ask you some advice , since your a girl ?
so , i have never been kissed before . and i have this new girlfriend . . .
hi , i am great . have been outside gardening . how about yourself ?
yes , i love plants . do you enjoy planting flowers or vegetables ?
i plant veggies and use them when i am cooking .
i enjoy going to concerts with my friends . do you like music ?
rock mostly . how about you ?
i have three dogs and love animals . do you have pets ?
i have leo , odis and schwartz . have you had bob a long time ?
my were casts offs . has bob been with you a long time ?
it was pretty good . bentley my boxer and i went on a lot of walks
sounds like long hours ! i take baths for relaxation , i recommend it !
me too . but my brother does not like my dog ! rude !
well bentley is already 7 . bentley first , brother second ! sounds like a country song
haha it does ! man i would love to run down a country road today
it sure is . this is my favorite time playing music around a campfire !
i do not see why not ! just keep chocolate away from bentley
i am a bum lol , but i love it when summer ends .
my fav thing to do is standing in rain .
no . my computer is soooo slow ; i wish it was faster .
i wish i could get my glasses clean they are always dirty .
what a great idea ! i will try that . naughty children . . . .
i have 4 dogs , 3 cats , fish and chickens .
yes , and it takes a lot of money to feed them ? do you have pets ?
hi yes those are very good to eat
what is your favorite restaurant
oh yeah i remember now . my favorite are hotdogs but pulled pork is good too
i do too . whats your favorite drink mine is pepsi
oh i am sorry , people tell me to cut back all the time
that is a tough school what are you majoring in
do not count the cards lol can you go back to another school
i am a librarian . was nice talking to you
hello , i am well . you ?
yum ! my dad used to make that .
we lived in the gulf coast before my parents divorced .
it is . are you still in school ?
i love school and hanging out with friends .
i tend to study a lot , so i need to get out .
mainly , barre and dance class .
you really should !
same here . bye
hello , how are you today ?
i understand , been working in my garden , there are some good looking vegetables coming in .
really ? a tattoo ? my favorite veggie is an onion . . .
you can . what other interests do you have aside from riding your bike ?
i like researching crystals and collecting them . they are useful for different things , specifically their powers
rose quartz is . it promotes nurturing and is used for bonding .
it could ! i am happy just sewing my own clothes and my other hobbies .
wow , that is insanely fast . are you a risk taker ?
hi , i work on beach as a lifeguard , my father works offshore i saved his life everyday .
do you play for that rogue soccer team chainsmokers ? i hear they are super good
oh i am in love with the chainsmokers , i love traveling as well i have been to stanford
you should maybe give the baby to an orphanage and take you wife traveling
oh no refunds then ? that is lame .
i would make the little sucker work in the basement untill he gets a letter from hogwarts
i am good , how are you ?
that sounds bad . i do not know much about laptops . i work with medicine .
that is amazing ! do you write any about dogs ? maybe labradors or retrievers ?
lucky . i live in san francisco and its too dangerous for that .
it is , but it gets way too crowded . i want to go to paris .
nice talking to you , too
just studying and getting ready for the gym . where are you ?
at college in new york . i like the water too , but prefer the gridiron .
it is ok . i like football more , especially my school team .
no way . i am still in school . how old are you ?
that is not good . children need deep lasting relationships . where are you ?
i love football , but i still love my kids . go home .
one . she is two , and the light of my life . do you work out ?
i love to cook , so i will be doing a lot of that .
i worked as a nurse for a long time , so cooking is a nice change .
mostly italian stuff . i like making homemade pastas .
agreed . my husband sells stuff and came across a pasta maker sale . i bought it .
it is hard work . very tiring i think .
it is very fun . anything that involves cooking is .
and eating them is fun too haha . they bring out a lot of flavor while cooking .
that is yummy too . we grill a lot of our .
doing good . i just got done with a great civil war reenactment this weekend .
oh cool . have you ever been over to england ? i love to travel the world .
awesome . what do you do with your dolls ?
oh fun . i bet they would be great in a short stop motion film .
has your collecting ever gotten you on the local news ? i have been on 6 times
awesome . sounds like we have have a lot in common . what else you like ?
i am alone . what about you ?
i am going to have to hurry my computer is giving me problems .
no , i think i would be the one to scar you .
i lived in a remote area when i worked for the discovery channel .
it was in a remote area . i am not romantic at all . more on the savage side .
can i bite you it helps me get my anger out .
i apologize . people say i am like a savage .
no i do not sing , but i swim , and have a lot of childhood trophies
no and do not care too . i sing , but only when nobody hears me
i use to cook all the time but not as much any more with busy schedule .
i have no pets but i do love to have one . my apartment does not allow it .
no not a student , i am a graduate and work in finance
who is this vera you speak of ?
that is cool where is it that you work ?
me too , at times but mostly whatever is on tv i watch .
i do not have a lot of energy , i stay at home with my kids .
yeah . i just take care of the kids and clean all day .
yes i have to work out because i eat fast food a lot lol
i need it . do you work ?
oh that is cool . i like athletes .
yes , i am a people person . do you ?
anything fun really . what about you ?
same here . i love to party as well
i am doing good , and you ?
i grew up in kentucky , planning to go to the university here soon
music production . a great interest of mine . been in band all 4 years of high school
i play drums . still a senior in high school
yes , sometimes with my 2 brothers
what do you do for fun ?
do you collect coins for fun ? wish i had enough money to count haha
what else do you do for fun ?
hello ! i am doing well . how are you ?
that is exciting . where do you work at ?
i see i see . office work can be very boring .
what all can you knit ?
that sounds fun . i want to learn how to make boots .
shopping is fun . do you like going to malls to shop ?
wow , i was just online shopping , looking for a blue dress .
i have a piano recital to attend , one of my mothers former students .
why are there people taking pictures of your outfits ? modeling ?
yes , the recital is soon though . whats your favorite new trend ?
that is great . you do not see a lot of that here in texas where i live .
i would love to be more trendy .
mostly when i go out its to hunt . i wear a lot of camo .
great idea , i like the way you think . very outside the box .
i am doing okay , its the one year anniversary of my parents death
its okay , we have come to terms with the loss . how are you ?
what hobbies do you enjoy ?
i love music , i listen to it almost constantly !
classic rock ! any of the little things in life are what bring me joy
that is unfortunate . if you visit them , i recommend not taking the bus . its the worst
yes , i refused to take the bus as well . trains are much better
hello , i am alright and yourself ?
what did you make ? do you cook alot ?
oh that is great . my girlfriend does all the cooking . do you have a big family ?
no , i do not . i keep to myself mostly .
not at the moment , i am pretty busy with school .
i am studying to be a geologist .
it is pretty interesting , what else do you do besides cook ?
that sounds relaxing , do you grow flowers or food ?
what city are you from ?
i used to live in ny but my parents moved to cali
have you ever been to a rock concert ? they are the best
i love eating breakfast for all my meals , , , , eggs and bacon
no i have not , what is that ?
org that sounds so good
what part did you go to ?
you are so lucky . i wish
i am doing ok , how about you ?
oh my goodness , do not you have a car ?
that is a shame , do you have access to public transportation
man that stinks . do you have time for any hobbies ?
that sounds like fun . i like to take photos
yes it would , especially this time of year with the fall colors
me too , i really like baking pies and its perfect for that
of course ! could never forget that
i am good , and you ? my name is kim and i like swimming , but hat tacos .
do not like meat . do you have long hair ? i am bald .
i have not worked in ages . what about you ?
haha , no way . i did not mean to knock tacos .
cool . too bad i dislike tacos , i will never taste yours .
that is some goal my friend .
well , i think that you should make a more challenging goal .
i can make a mean french fry ; i enjoy cooking .
i am fine , making a few youtube videos , i am a makeup specialist .
i love pink , pink everywhere ! ! ! my car too !
oh wow how is that going for you ?
i can imagine , ever though about doing youtube videos about it ?
its not a bad look , after 10 , 000 views you can get paid to make videos
yes i do it to make a little cash on the side .
not really i stick to make up lol
i like dirty harry too , clint is the man ! !
hi , i live alone . how about you ?
i can imagine , you probably cannot wait to go to work every day . where do you work ?
do you meet interesting people at work ?
what is your favorite drink from that menu ?
you have green hair ? that is awesome !
do you go to school also ?
i am well my personal trainer is crazy lol
i am well my personal trainer is crazy lol
we rode the bike for 2 hours oh my gosh
yea i walk with my dogs some days also
about to start fasting for religious reasons .
yes it can be intense but i love em
hey there , my dad is getting married again that stuff makes me so uncomfortable
i do not even like his family this is weird .
probably i will find out , add me on fb i have 4 , 000 friends
i am crazy i like to hitchhike omao
yes some are from there i do not even talk to my family lol ugh
ll i like a little chocolate also . .
i did not do anything they always begging
wow , so long ago . i am a baker that also likes to play tennis .
do you like going to dentist ? my mom is one .
whats your favorite tv show ? mine silicon valley .
i like movies a lot whats your fav movie ?
red of course ! and yours ?
same here , take care .
well , i know southwest is hiring . i am a pilot there .
you sound like my son , he wants to be a pilot but was born blind .
he is a good sport about it . what do you do for fun ?
i love fairs , they have the best fried chicken !
that is true . my twin sister jessica used to work at one .
that does not seem very healthy . haha . i will have to go to one soon .
well the fried chicken is my favorite but i know that is not healthy either .
i do not work these days , i stay at home with my kids . how about you ?
oh wow ! mcdonalds is one of my favorite restaurants .
not sure what you mean , can you get into many movies at your age ?
oh that stinks , you should watch movies at home though , it is a lot of fun .
well try working hard . at your age you should have plenty of energy .
try to make money out of a hobby you love like cleaning for me .
i have trouble with my energy too . i have heard exercising may help .
i wish i had a daughter , i am a boy mom . they are beautiful boys though still lucky
twin 9 year olds ! they love justin bieber and have convinced me to favor him also haha
they are indeed . we go camping a lot , like every month . one of their phases
my boys chose horseback riding instead . we go whenever we can
yes , maybe you should come some time
how old is you daughter ?
that sounds really cute ! oh i wish i had a daughter too
you have a wonderful day too !
i am doing well . just got back from an awesome walk on the beach .
i love the feeling of the wind in my red hair
i love nature and finding awesome vegan restaurants . we are both foodies !
that is excellent . my retail store salary does not always let me have the finest food , but i try !
and i am certainly creative ! where do you work ?
i sing in the shower , but that is the limit ! i am not very good .
wow ! that is impressive . do you sing with a choir ?
hello i am good . waiting at the library for my mom .
oh really ? that is interesting . i am trying to get into publishing myself
wow me too . my favorite author is cassandra clare . who is yours
i like him too .
yes i used to as well but now i wear contacts usually
i had a pair of glasses with green frames when i was younger
lol yep it is
