that sounds cool ! anything else you want to tell me ?
i like to listen to all kinds of music . i love them all !
i do not but i used to play the piano when i was your age !
hi there i just came in from hiking , hbu ?
i am well a little down me an my mom use to do it together
how come ? conserving energy ? whats going on
my mom passed away , in my spare time i write about fiction ,
well how are you talking to me without any ? weird . anyway , i am in advertstiment
thank you , yes i loved her dearly
hey ! i have got a bunch of swedish fish here . they are the best .
i guess that is okay . i would rather skateboard .
i do not have anything like that . just a crush on someone i work with .
i just like candy mostly . good thing i skateboard so much .
i go to college and i work at a coffee shop .
no candy then ? even if it does not have gelatin ?
that would be two cats , yes .
pretty good , you ? i cant wait to start a new life
that is great , i hope to become a dr
i am in dr school now
oh yeah that is great , i get by waiting tables now , what you do for a living
that is great i have to work to pay my tuition , expensive
i understand that , i depend on tips
it depends on the night but some nights make up for others
i am a bud tender for a local colorado dispensary
it is , leaves plenty of time to hike in the summers
do you like to ski ?
ever listen to one direction while cooking ? they are my favorite
right ! i scored a perfect sat because of their music
i have no idea , they all died when i was 4
yea . . . . but they were junkies so no big deal
i love burrito myself so i feel you
yes i have a job that i hate lol but really i love to shop
lol shopping for shoes online right now lol
nah i like ballet and other dancing
oh i think i can dance lol
do you like to eat burritos
why ? do they give you energy ?
i love taking my 4 german shepherd for rides in my convertible . makes me happy .
well i rather have my dogs than spend money celebrating holidays .
what type of music do you put on it ?
oh my gosh another ghost in my house .
no , i see ghosts often .
yeah , they seem to be but i cannot figure out how to communicate with them .
my religion does not allow me to ask a ghost their name .
my day was good , but busy ! what about you ?
portland is gorgeous ! got to work 2nd job soon at the casino tonight .
we cant have our nails painted as a blackjack dealer
wow yeah vikings do not strike me as ones to like painting their nails
wow hopefully you do not get sprayed , all 3 of my kids have before
wow cool how did you learn to speak italian
i travel a lot . what about you ?
i love to crochet ! i went to vancouver a little while ago .
i like purples and blues . do you like phones or androids ?
that would be cool . you would get a discount on phones and macbooks then !
i still live at home with my parents so i do not have to work yet .
yeah , going to go to college next year . what about you ?
i love english . what about you ?
hi ! good , how are you ?
movies , food , the usual ahahah . you ?
yeah i wish i liked hiking , but i am not an outdoorsy person lol
mmm i am a free spirited person
nice !
i like reading and watching crappy tv
oh really ? i do not know much about it
hi ! ! my dream is to play basketball in asia . i also had knee surgery and recovering .
that is cool ! i just finished college and now working as a customer service rep . for insurance
yeah i was not good with science
that is awesome what kind of cars
nice ! ! those are amazing cars to drive ! !
i am glad that you are able to find things to do with your father .
hobbies are great to have . i blog and created my own website
that is interesting . maybe you will have some insight as why my dad was in the communist party
i have a similar career as a party planner .
i love the ocean too . i go deep sea diving whenever i can .
it was scary the first time . but its so interesting under water .
what adventures have you gone on ?
i cannot handle rides , they make my stomach so queasy .
i am out of high school officially . i am going to university of michigan fall
i would like to be a doctor
yeah apples equal summer my favorite season !
i love tacos . i cant stand spaghetti though .
i really do not know , i wish i knew ! ! !
tell me more about yourself !
that is a shame . what else ?
oh okay well i do not know a lot about basket ball
math would be my strong suite .
that is nice i have to go soon anything else ?
doing well , thanks . kind of a slow day .
i am sorry to hear that . sometimes it is good to be alone , read a book .
i cannot relate . what is something interesting i do not know about you ?
i am rather introverted and do not have a wide circle of friends . enjoy nature .
i am working at a museum for the time being . how about you ?
i think there are medications for that now .
understandable . do you have any other hobbies ?
that sounds fun ! i am an avid reader , myself .
its amazing on my end . brand new shoes ! i have been showing everyone
they are so comfortable . like a nap for my feet .
i work in an office . i have the most comfortable office chair in the world .
oh , what do you do there ?
no kids . i love sleep too much do have kids . you ?
oh my god , i am so sorry . how long ago was this ?
may i ask how you dealt with that ?
i am glad to hear you had support . i just sleep away my problems .
sounds good ! i am mark . what do you like to do ?
oh that is cool ! i like those things too . any pets ?
neat ! i have a snake for a pet named lydia . never had a dog
i just liked the name . always liked snakes . i want to move to the desert !
absolutely ! but unfortunately i start an engineering internship soon so no moving !
true . what do you do for work ?
plus i imagine it allows you to pursue your hobbies !
i am well ! i am actually coming by the area where you live !
well i am getting transfered for work
yeah . it will help with my journalist goals !
well i am no journalist yet . i currently sell washers at sears . . but some day . .
i have a dog , can i bring him to the bar too ?
good . he loves to listen to me play the bass . he is a french bulldog
how are you doing this fine day ?
mad because i keep on talking to my horse and he will not answer back
i am pretty sure he talks when i have a nice cold budweiser
i do not have time to read being a student
i am currently studying to become a nurse
i currently live downtown close to the college i attend
all is well i have to get studying for a nursing test
as it was meeting you
sounds delicious . i just returned from an intense workout , may i have some ?
it is okay . last week i totaled my car , but i fly a kite real fast
yeah i am thank you ! i actually play rugby so i am all sorts of tough !
do they play any sports ? i love all kinds , but rugby is easily my favorite
i always liked playing baseball in school , but my cousin got me into rugby
you are so nice to have me for dinner !
to be honest i have never eaten kale before
i love cats ! what are their names ?
my name is jack , guess what color is my boots for hiking ?
i am fine and you ? the type of music i like is folk and you ?
nope ! it is pink ha ha nice try pal .
i am a guy though . . . sorry , you sound like a guy , so do you hike ?
i always smells good , my body smells fresh all the time
okay ! but can you hike appalachian trail , i mean the
yes , i have a house and marketing is my job .
are you homeless ? how do you use the bathroom ?
hi ! i am having dinner . . . a slice of chocolate cake with extra vanilla cream
it is ! ! cake is the dinner part and the frosting is the extra sweet dessert .
ahh , love coasters . i also love playing rock on my guitar . whats your job ?
i am a police officer in michigan , a state trooper . watch out ! !
an honor ! but i also have 2 siberians . those huskies are like a second job !
oh , so sorry . but she did a great job . i am a single mom too .
where are they at right now ?
ah . thank you for your service . my job is at a marketing agency .
it good . i do not drink so it can get testy at times .
i unwind by playing video games in my spare time .
well , i also read books . better than movies sometimes .
i am a janet evanovich fan .
she has put out over twenty books so far .
yes . she is quite established .
so far so good . sitting here reading a book
oh no hope you are going to be ok .
my husband is working the night shift as a cop
i love to go to the beach when it warms up i plan on going
yes ! when i am not at the beach i love to teach it is my passion
yes , they can be for sure
i am from the midwest and you ?
hi how are you doing ?
oh not much just watching tv
i am watching will and grace
its about gay people in ny
are you an animal person ?
do you have any pets ?
i have two dogs and a cat
i have rex , pepper and miko
i would love to , having only 6 months to live i want to enjoy life
you like fish for supper ? we can have that afterwards ?
food , i love fried fish . has to be lactose free though allergies never had a pet fish
maybe i should . name is justin bieber . love justin bieber
i am not sure . i am not any good at doing regular expressions .
sure , what are they about ?
are there any about fish , or justin bieber ?
sounds good to me . sorry if i am a bit expressionless
good evening to you too good to get the homework done !
i love tacos and just got done eating three of them
will do . i love oranges and the color orange eating one for a snack
i am in florida that way i can swim all the time
no dogs here i love my three cat !
i live near a goodwill my husband likes to shop there
yes you never know what you will find lol
i am a retired nurse
i am good do you like music
i listen to pink they are kidnap similar
does your mom make pasta ?
how far do you drive to work
i draw a lot of the time
mine is myself or no one will be
i am not sure really its been so long
great ! , urban dweller here . you live the suburbs ?
oh okay . i want to teach and majored in education .
yesterday i became a college graduate . you sing ?
oh okay . american literature is fun . i majored in it . you dance ?
get out ! i do too ! you like living in the city ? i do .
12 , thank you for asking . you like kids ? i do .
great ! you live on a farm ? i do not .
i do not cook , sorry .
sometimes i go to the dog park to walk .
i do not really fish , i am a gamer by nature .
sorry , why is that ? gaming is my passion .
do you have a significant other ?
as a gamer , i am super single .
i think we should hold off on that .
i am four . i want to be rich like a princess .
i have a basketball hoop . it is blue .
i have a princess bed santa got me . i sleep in it at night .
i do but i also like trucks and basketball and even animals .
that is a lot of money .
i want to be a space girl to go in space .
i have a big brother . i live in a town called addison .
it is named after a guy who invented our town .
hi ! very nice ! how was yours ? i wnet to a concert !
i have not had one of those in a long time . sounds fun !
you are not going to invite me ? lol
i am from wherever i send you a postcard from . i travel a lot
very cool ! i think that would be a lot of fun
unfortunately i have not . i have learning how to play the cello
i have been twice . i spent 20 the first time and 10 the second
i wish casinos were blue my favorite color
i have been a hospital coder for seven years
congrats ! i hope to be doing the same next year
that is for sure . your first kiddo ?
what sport do you coach ?
oh that is cute . i hope all goes well
i have lived near my inlaws twice . it can suck or it can be awesome
my current inlaws are pretty rad
hey there , i am doing pretty well , you ?
sounds like fun , i am trying to hook up my smart box but i am technology dumb
its all good , takes more coding than i know
interior design ? i love being outdoors , its my favorite
i spend a lot of time out doors with my puppy , he gets me outside
i have 4 ! i love them to pieces , i would have more if i could
oh without a doubt that is already me ! who needs people
you should try yoga , its very relaxing and relieves stress
why do you find it hard to relax ?
what do you mean by held up ?
must have been a traumatic experience ! did the robber get caught ?
bowling ? crazy ! so you like sports ?
i see , what kind of furniture ?
i am always thinking about what others might be thinking of me
i do not know , i just think a corvette will fix me
my wife an kid can fit so why not ?
really ? i am really starving what you eat ?
i hate working allyl these hours omg
i am just never enough i might be too gat
its terrible huuuhhh , i am starving like marvin
i think people will laugh at me for being huge there
its going great just left work
its going great just left work
its going great just left work
its going great just left work
i wish i could make films but i am stuck at this popcorn filled movie theater job
i wish i could make films but i am stuck at this popcorn filled movie theater job
i wish i could make films but i am stuck at this popcorn filled movie theater job
i love hop along because it ; s a cool band
i am fine , and you ? do you like musicians ? i am one .
it is a teen age band . what video games do you play ? i love to play .
two years i am in the same job , what do you do ?
ha ha , glad you like to play , what do your father do ?
my dad was a mechanic
great ! just waiting on something interesting to happen . you ?
a bit of everything and you ? the weather is starting to get cooler here .
nice ! i like reading . i cannot wait for winter strong cold winds ! do u have hobbies
i like to listen to weird music . do you have family ?
how neat ! i have two brothers . one younger one older .
i do data entry how about you ?
that must be an awesome job . it sounds exciting .
are you close to having anything published ?
i am doing good how are you doing ?
why are you sad ? maybe drink coffee .
is it a money issue ?
why could you not move out on your own ?
what do you mean ?
you just do it . your 60 right ?
what do you do for work ?
can you make a good cup of coffee ?
i am sad because i feel so broke
yes , i feel like i would be doing better if my brother would help me
we really do not talk to each other very often
that is so cool ! but , whatever , , ,
not much , i have pets , but they are kind of lame
that is so nice ! i have 2 dogs that should be able to read
i do not know what air bud is . . . ? i also have some iguanas , i love them
still do not understand ta
i am like , so totally annoyed at my friend becky .
nobody touches my shrimps . that is all i eat th . shrimp and starbucks . but , no .
i make people bring me my shrimps . i only shop online .
my parents would not let me date a vampire . they are uncool lawyers .
i want her to read my palm . does she offer online readings ?
nah , i will just stay home . i am waiting for winter to come .
hi . i am not in the best mood
divorced with a boyfriend who does not want the kind of relationship i do
i hope your life is better . i used to go the extra mile , but not anymore
very cool ! what did you do to get featured ?
what a good thing to do . maybe you can help me be a better person
my coworker got promoted even though i have ten years experience
i could not be a taxi driver . i am not good at driving on the freeways
not bad . i wish it was the 7th . that is my favorite number . you ?
i am a deaf . but my wife listens to it . i feel the vibrations .
7 . since i have never driven , my wife was always running them around . you ?
nice . you retired ? i am . i just read books now . at least 7 a week .
my wife says i am weird , cause i like to scratch my nose . cake , yum !
thanks . what else do you like ?
i can understand that ! you married ?
you need 3 more . then you too will have 7 .
i am doing well . i am just a high school student worrying about money
yes . not good . hight schools been difficult . not satisfied with it thus far .
work at a coffee shop with my one close friend . and yourself ?
that is awesome . what do you do ?
yes , but exactly what .
i do ! that is awesome . i love that !
yes . love that you can have the ability to work from home .
hello
cali . u ?
north or south ?
i am in riverside
yeah my daughter is going to uci this fall
probably shopping lol hbu ?
i have a hard time trusting people
i am wary of trying anything new
maybe at times i guess
now that sounds like a good time
ohhh no ! ! ! ! ! ! , i would not want to clean that up
eh , that is why i like being alone at times
yep , time to clear my head get thoughts in order
if i could remember mine i would be good
hey , i am good . you ?
i went to collage for a bit . now i spend my time working on trucks .
awesome . you must be around my age . i am 25 .
i like to drive around with my doberman charley .
well you will be able to afford one soon i am sure .
yeah , my dad said all men need to live on their own at 18 .
dorms are fun . a lot of ramen noodles and pizza . i love pizza .
just do not be afraid to meet people and make friends . girls will come .
doing good , just watching some the walking dead re runs .
oh dude , same ! i am so hyped . cannot wait for the crossover .
go was awful . original teen titans all the way ! i like the comics better though .
whoa dude , are we talking twd or go ?
okay . . . yeah i know . how do you feel about death stranding ?
seriously ? how can you not like kojima ? plus del toro and reedus , it looks awesome .
heck yeah ! now we are talking .
more of an empire strikes back kind of guy , but anything from the original trilogy is good .
i prefer sushi . it s expensive but i believe if you want something you get it
my mom came back from a wedding she worked at and brought some home !
i don t . too much work . i d rather have someone cook for me
dusky blue . mom does makeup for pay and she showed me an awesome eyeshadow
i m sure she would . if you paid her .
haha ! i m getting ready to watch tmz , gotta keep up with celeb gossip
it is fun . talking about how fat they are or stupid they act .
i want a dog but they re too much trouble with having to feed them
i am good , getting ready for a date
i consider myself a ladies man . . tall and handsome
wow i am very intrigued . what do you do for a living ?
i am an accountant . i had an offer to play in the nba
i like the corporate world better . plus i look suave in my suits lol
so what do you do for fun ?
i like the night life . parties and dancing
lol those are the wild parties
great ! just came up with a new recipe for my cookbook .
personal chef , yes . i am hoping a book will help me fund a restaurant .
i would love a fine dining steak and seafood place .
i hike , read , craft . what about you ?
i have not played tennis in years but i used to love it .
green is my favorite color !
amazing ! we were meant to be friends .
hi , i like playing tennis . do you ?
do you tap dance often ?
do you dance for a living ?
that is nice . i like to read . mysteries are my favorite . you ?
i like the hercule poirot novels . what do you like to read ?
i like dystopian novels as well as mysteries . what do you do for a living ?
i am in school full time for a law degree . wish i knew how to bake . have kids ?
i do not have kids . i have two older siblings so i do want children .
hi i am good and you ?
high school ; or college ?
what grades are you going to teach ?
that is very nice of you
where are you from originally ?
what language do you speak ?
just english
i am so tired honestly
no , i am just trying to study
i am reading a nursing book
i am not reading this for fun . i am trying to learn .
i might listen to some music
i wish i did not have to work tomorrow
i will try , what are you up to ?
i am a strange modern hippie with purple hair and very tall . how about you ?
bad relationships are hard to deal with unless you have many good ones .
yes , i am too , but i have also been very sexually promiscuous , which helps .
i have a high i . q . , but that does not necessarily motivate me either .
a layabout , eh ? i find something to do lying down or partially sitting up .
no , i am american , from the south and living now in manhattan .
yes , smart , but that does not get you everything . looks matter tremendously .
yes , that is definitely the case sometimes . some fat people are superb .
hey , any big plans for the weekend ?
very cool , no not really , staying home with daughter . maybe go to the park
i would not have energy for that !
well good luck with that , do you eat a lot of fast food then ? its my favorite
i see
yea they have very nice restaurants and throw away perfectly good food .
i like to drink booze and hit up the movies .
very much . my job is writer
i love to go hunting . we are living in montano
you are right . i am very happy i am moving to my new home .
good lock for you too . i want to barbecue with my brothers soon .
my house has a big garden . barbecue party will be wonderful .
i am good at hunting . we are hunting many times in a year .
i am sorry to hear that . you are different from me .
you should try it . awesome . feels wonderful .
nice to meet you . i sometimes challenge people to dance battles on the street .
ballet dance battles is my expertise . i like comedy flicks n hamburgers .
i work too many hours at rehearsal for dragons in my life .
i watch a lot of cat videos though . so that is something .
i complain when it is too cold and complain when it is too hot . you know ?
my chest is so defined i bust out of all the cute walmart sweaters .
i have to get back to dancing . it is what i love . besides hamburgers .
i am lactose intolerant . f . m . l .
hello sure i am 17 and you
no i live a very sheltered life
no i do not and my parents are sending me to a very liberal college
no i do not i go to a catholic high school what about you
my dads a farmer we grow wild oats together
its not i enjoy nature and stay away from society
yeah were all going to the same college how about you
well you have a new friend here nice to know you
i am great the lord woke me up today
i work in the it field i love fixing and building computers and yourself ?
oh wow that is awesome what is favorite football team
do you like kings of leon my favorite by them is use somebody
wow very funny but how a dog throw a fart and how bad did it smell
i like to back and enjoy a good game with jesus picture next to me
yes i have a son who is in college
hello , how are you doing this morning ? i just finished walking my dog .
yuck . i do not like cold weather . reminds me of russia , where my mom is from .
she came here 50 years ago , i have a russian restaurant .
it is , but it does have its rewards . mom taught me to cook , i use her recipes .
where are you ? i am in cleveland .
very nice ! i have always wanted to visit .
i have not been to a jazz club since my last visit to chicago , eight years ago .
i love it . i cannot wait to go back .
hey , i like race cars and games
racing games , i am not the typical girl
well i am only 14 but i have big crazy dreams
race car driver , bungee jumping in paris and pursuing a career in science
i like to think so . what do you do ?
cool . . my best friends and i are building a clubhouse
my grandparents have a garden in our backyard
greens , peas , peppers and lots of spices
awesome , thanks for your service . thanks for protecting us
enjoying a anime japanese movies , mononoke
sound fun . where do you live ?
how is the weather like in detroit this time of the year
i know right , should be cool by now
i work , build stuff for a living . i work for a drone company
yeah they are , it is the new technology
not really , spend most time going to comic cons
lol , no worries not everyone are
i doing good . just been for a drive in my fast car listening to 2pac
my favorite artist yeah . makes me look cool in my black car
i love the color black . so , do you like 2pac ? rap is the best
you should listen to california love . its awesome . what do you like ?
what do you watch on tv ?
what else do you enjoy ?
oh . well maybe you should come on a drive with me . i will change that
i wish i did just a fast car
i am ok . how are you ?
sounds good ! i am having a barbecue with my brothers .
hamburgers and hot dogs . lots of them .
me , too . whats your job that you want to quit ?
not me ! i looked like a red topped mushroom at my prom !
glad to hear i am not alone ! now i look like young santa claus .
i love my blue , ford mustang , only i despise detailing it .
oh . i dated one of you . i am an investigative accountant .
i am italian , we tend to marry once . . . unless the guy is a jerk .
as do i . along with other weapons . do you have any other hobbies ? i paint .
ah . . . sorry , no hobbies other than a truck . i can see why you are single .
are you camping along the highway , waiting to light someone up ?
sure i am not much of a fan tho
what do you do for a living ?
i love to read john gresham books . not too crazy about the books
i am awesome at playing the guitar
no its more of a hobby
i am gonna stay home and read
how about you ? any plans ?
i am sorry . that is no fun . you should get a dog !
ah i see . i was living in la , but i just moved to tokyo
i have not . my dream is to be famous as an actor
i would think extremely lucky ! i want to sing and dance too !
never give up on your dreams ! sometimes they just take practice
you are indeed special . everyone is !
we do all have scars . mine are from my dog and our post work walks .
that would be absolutely beautiful . a wonderful final message
indeed . you are as well . well i have to go now , goodbye
really ? we are thinking about going on a hike or maybe fishing .
we drive the mountains in vegas
whats your name by the way ?
its dave , nice to meet !
same here but sometimes we go fishing as well
apple martinis sound fun too ! lol
do you like to hike ?
i guess that is true but lots of fishing
hello , do you like dogs ? i love animals , i have 2 dogs .
do you travel ? i go to disney world each year with family .
i like to read , favorites are true crime novel and anything stephen king . do you read ?
great place , fall is wonderful . do you work ?
i was unemployed , but just got a job as a secretary at an insurance agency .
ll , i can relate . , do you have siblings ? i have 2 brothers , we are close .
great . the weather is awesome . i am chilling on the porch with my 3 cats .
i love to use the drum beats to find my rhythm when dancing .
sounds fun ! do you like to travel ? i spent my summer touring europe .
oh . did you have any siblings to play with ? i am the only child .
the kids at school teased me about my red hair , its blonde now .
they sure can . so , on a more positive note , what do you like to do ?
i am doing great ! i am just snuggling with my cat .
ah , a sports fan . i am more of a geek myself
talented much ? lol ! my only skills are mashing buttons on my vg controller .
it really is ! do you play video sports too or just real ones ?
i understand . they are not for everyone . what else do you like to do ?
i am more comfortable in suspenders than sports attire . . . lol !
i say they look sweet , but they can kind of hurt my shoulders sometimes .
a little , but they go with my whole nerd persona , so i put up with it .
i am good . i just got done working as an act in a traveling fair .
i throw balls in the air and catch them , just like my family .
what is your fathers business ?
i would like to work in a movie store . i really like movies .
i like movies about dogs . i have two dogs . do you have pets ?
i like fitness too . i am eating on a keto plan now to help train .
what do you like to do ?
i am doing alright , how are you doing this evening ?
sounds relaxing . any plans this weekend ?
i plan on making a pie with fruit from my garden .
nice . i wish i had a swimming pool to go with my garden but alas .
thankfully i can afford ac on my grocery store cashier salary but not a pool
its mans triumph over nature .
so do you teach your kids ? ac in the class room ?
hi there , nice to meet you . my name is sara .
no . i enjoy eating chicken nuggets . what about you ?
that is awesome ! i myself am more of a book worm and prefer reading .
i love all kinds of books , especially thriller !
i also love music , i particularly love listening to a band called a fine frenzy
nice ! tell me more about yourself .
that is awesome ! have any pets ? i have a huge love for all animals .
i am great how are you ?
no i went to different schools in several states . you ?
you know what is awkward ? my cat kj
i do , i even cook for her
what pets do you have ?
when i was a nurse people brought in pets .
my husband does sales so i get that
hey i am sam , i work as a chef in new york city
we create new styles of pizza
really i love to cook , hire me
i also work as a personal chef , pizza is my passion food
veggie pizza and i make different styles
you should do that follow your passion turn into income
you joint right thing take your time to use it the right way
just swell how are you doing ?
oh just polishing my broken cuticles .
your busted ! that is over 15 words !
ok your not going to make me lol !
ufos over new york and i am not too surprised !
i am glad that did not go over 15 .
well its ok if you need to vent
well hello there ! how are you today ?
that sounds lovely ! i did a lot of russian recipe cooking today !
my mom came from russia and she taught me these recipes ! tuna is delicious !
sorry to hear that ! yes , she is still here ! i also have an adorable dog !
it is a golden retriever puppy ! my last dog died when i was 18 .
all the time ! she loves to swim in the pond nearby !
i should ! that sounds wonderful ! thank you for the offer !
hi brett . i am cindy . what kind of cat is sam ? .
i am fat with a beard . i eat what i want . are you dieting ?
i have never tried sewing . i am a truck driver . do you like to drive ?
what have you created with needle point ?
sounds beautiful . i grow a lot flowers on my farm .
i would love to . are you active on a social media platform ?
i love facebook and instagram . do you have a lot of followers ?
i love getting likes on my photos . what do you like about facebook ?
hi ! my life is simple , no cars , no kids , no chaos !
i have a park near me too and take long walks there , specially in the evening .
purple is mine . i have purple sofa , rug , lamps , chairs , mirrors , everything !
i buy what i like . i use my time to keep up with my podcasts .
i like mystical ones , you know with mediums and spiritualists .
definately ! ! i have seen my share and would love to know who they are
first time makes your skin crawl , at least for me !
hello ! not so much really , i am more of a track star
do you have any other hobbies besides football ?
of course ! my favorite thing is to make cookies while watching movies .
personally , i like utopian literature , but all fiction is good for me .
i have been thinking about training dogs , weird past time huh ?
those are great dogs , but i prefer corgis . i worked with them back in high school .
the lady i worked for loved how the queen had corgis , she was quite a fanatic .
what is your favorite drink ?
hello ! i work at a vet office
i love horror movies do you ?
i enjoy to read outside
i enjoyed the it remake
i go to church every sunday . i love god
church is so helpful and so is god
i am sorry to hear that .
that is cool . i am ready for halloween .
well , that is good for you . my mom teaches school
what kind of music ? i like country myself .
she teaches math in high school .
ah , i do not really listen to hip hop . i know a rapper guy though .
ninth through twelfth . mostly seniors though .
i do not know dignity doo or something . met him on this show we do .
i would like to sky dive one day
nor am i but good at volunteering for the humane society
hy an alien ? i am in an indian band and am a drummer
that was tough movie saw it on dvd . i also garden
i share an apartment with my twin brother
i am pan gender , as in i do not consider myself a male or female
haha if you say so . i do not think mount everest can bow .
well i do not resonate being a girl or a boy .
it is nice to meet you as well my name is mike . what are you doing
trying to kill this ring worm right now . nasty stuff
yeah just kind of sneaks up on you . i am watching tv right now actually
i have seen almost everything on netflix . whats your favorite
i am an otaku as well
i live near a lot of casinos and i play cards often
i am a blackjack fiend . you like one man punch ?
i am doing very good , what about you ?
i am a writer , i go to the beach and writer , when weather is okay
really sounds like fun , i run on the beach for exercise
o yeah cool , still looking for mrs right haha , i read alot as well , do you ?
hey me to love some beer and i enjoy a cold coors
yes it is , good book on the beach and a beer , in another place haha
o yeah life is good , just have to balance and only do what you cn control
hello , i like have a good time watching sports with friends
what kind of music do you like to make
we like to watch football , basketball and baseball
i spend more time with my friends than my family
i like to hang out a lot
sports bar , bars , and more bars
margaritas and whiskey i enjoy the most
i tend to drink my problems away
on my 18th birthday i beat urinary cancer
i am well , i have to watch my carb intake so i am on a diet
when i was in treatment , i listened to classical jazz
i want to become a guy model probably in hollywood
wow you stay really busy , i just hang out
do you sell your jewelry ? i bet you could make alot of money
i like to go to craft stores , where are your shows located
that is cool , how long have you guys dated for
lousy . a million miles from the nearest ocean . man i sure miss fresh fish !
always been afraid that books would ruin my keen eyesight . i am a sharpshooter for the marines .
i am muslim myself . and so now a democrat . was republican until trump came in .
i am more afraid of his presidency than a beating by either parent both huling 6 7 .
well . at least i got my marine skills . repelling . vertical leap . holding breath .
ink about that . at least the animals wo not be science deniers at you !
maybe your job will lead to something more exciting a zoo job training 20 species .
hello , i am well , just hanging out with my cats . how are you ?
i wish i could fly like superman ! i have to take the subway everyday .
no i live alone with my 4 cats . are you married ?
i hope that works out ! i am going to see my sister in canada soon .
no i do not , do you ?
that is gross . i have an intense fear of clowns .
i do not eat meat , do you ?
i am doing great and you ?
i do not but i love art . do you ?
i am not sure really . yours ?
well that sounds like a hoot . hobbies ?
why not worth the time ?
i just started dating someone so that i guess
well that is a cool name you like all this hot weather ?
well that is awesome . i hate it lol . i prefer colder weather
yea . or jam some red hot chili peppers . i love those guys
great song . what are you wearing ?
i was just going to say i wear mostly black . i like darker clothing
oh ok . that is cool . i am a cashier at 2 places . gotta make
that is a lot of grandkids . expecting more ?
hi !
good what are your hobbies ?
i am really into animals
i live in the midwest what about you ?
oh that is cool . i used to be homeschooled
eh it was ok
that is true
yes , at times . i teach art and some music classes .
how cool ! do you like thrift shops ? i love them .
nice ! i redo what i buy at thrift shops and resale them .
i would love to meet your dog . cheetah is my favorite animal .
that is really cool ! i like exotic prints . i mostly wear cheetah , of course .
no . i am pretty boring .
no , i am not a competitive person . you ?
that sounds pretty boring , to be honest . but i am happy for you .
i am doing well and you ?
i am obsessed with everything my little pony .
its actually a cartoon lol
i am eccentric , i am into anime and cartoons
its like japanese style cartoons .
yes , most of them are .
great just another day to achieve my goals ! , how are you ?
kiss a girl would be great .
i apologize did you see how trashy that person on jimmy fallon was last night
i mean her hair was a mess , awful that was
no idea i just like to talk about people
nah but i know sign language
do you enjoy italian food ?
hello , yes i love it when i find the motivation .
that is good . i drive to work every day . about an hour with a lot of traffic .
i am the opposite i can bake but not cook lol .
i have never heard of it .
good idea ! so any plans for tonight ?
oh nice sounds good . i am just relaxing .
how long have you been married ?
cool . i will have to google what face off is lol .
hi how are you today
what are you eating then
where do you work at
then lease one out champ
do you like museums a lot
i want to be a pro musician
yeah i want to break it big
good afternoon how are you
no i live in a huge house
i am a multi millionaire
no way i am bored
no i do not dance and i am scared of lions
yes and i play basketball
i have three beautiful sons
i am doing well , how are you ?
i live in the us , but i do love british tv shows .
that is cool . i am not much into sports . too old for them
well , i am 77 years old , and i think that is a bit too old to be playing sports .
you have got me there . i would not mind seeing my grandson play sports sometime .
that does sound like fun . are you going with friends ?
oh , that is great . i do enjoy spending time with my family .
mmm . . what do you do for work ?
not the worst either , i sing in a band , a punk band .
have you ever been to london , its calling me .
i am particular to skating , ice , roller , whatever .
a cat named fred . he is pretty punk rock as well .
is he black , its my favorite color .
i am indeed , how are you doing tonight ?
i rode around on a horse , it was my day off
i work a lot , in accounting . how about you ?
that is great , i wish i could support my self as an artist
oh well , it still sounds rewarding . any siblings ?
nope , i grew up alone , and i a adopted
i was actually . how about you ?
not mad . north dakota here
fine . i have two moms in chicago . you workout ?
still there ? oh okay . i love exclamation marks . you a singer ?
great ! i play quake sometimes . you have children ?
oh okay . my friend merna jean teaches too . can you draw ?
wow ! linux slackware is fun to play . are you a student ?
pasta . chicago is my home . you married ?
divorced . twice . were you adopted ?
you will one day . its easy . you a church goer ?
hi how are you doing ?
what do you do for a living ?
what city are you from ?
i am in so cal myself
i have two dogs right now
what kind of music do you like ?
and what song was that ?
what do you do for a living ?
great man i just finished swimming
ha ! i am allergic to dairy so my exciting item is an apple
well it is exciting after swimming in a cold pool
just waiting for winter . i love winter sports and fall is inbetween
yeah but i love winter sports and after labor day it is the wait
for winter , skiing and snowboarding , but i swim year round
i swim at 530 am 6 days a week in hot or cold weather
that is good anyway how are you today ?
walking is fun so is joking ever watch movies ?
dogs are nice . wish i could go back in time be a cave man
just go back hunt enjoy time with love ones with nothing to do
why not dogs men best friend
prefer dogs though what cat name
your funny me like jokes made my day
well i will help you workout go take a walk
sales . i was in college but had to leave to care for grandparents .
my dad sold insurance so i learned a lot of him . i was also valedictorian .
that is interesting . are you close with your parents ?
that is nice . my mom was a stay at home mom to me and my sisters .
i love to travel but i do not have much money right now . do you ?
no but i do have 2 dogs that i absolutely adore !
i never had a cat but might one day .
hi . casserole please . i am from baton rouge . and yourself ?
i can teach you other items to make as well . i am a classically trained chef .
tuna melts !
yes young grasshopper .
yes , but please i may be going bald
why thank you kind sir . we will catch lots of tuna to make tuna melts !
noted ! what else do you do for hobbies ?
i am great , getting ready for work . how are you ?
i love the mountains . rockies or smokies ?
i am a waitress at hooters
oh yeah , we do not have many healthy options there lol
oh wow , i love watching greys anatomy with my daughter
mcdreamy ? i miss him so much
i am usually doing school work online , hard to find time to watch tv
nothing better than peace and quiet while the kids are at school
just hanging out in between med school classes , how are you ?
are you doing anything volunteer work for experience ?
you should try it . i volunteer at a shelter with dogs .
i bet she is cute . animals really like me .
i still have 20 minutes until my class . i am always so early !
that is true ! i am sure you do not get in trouble much .
just listening to lincoln park here . ok . you ?
i do not . i am autistic and have issues sometimes .
not really . but somehow arcades still are ok for me .
yeah , it is . what do you do ?
it is only lincoln park for me .
it is sad . i hope that those things stop happening to people .
yes . they need to figure something better out for that .
sorry . . . but i have to run ! its my favorite thing to do !
yuck . i do not like caffeine because the coffee bean is technically a vegetable . .
i am young . . . i do not know any better !
i do not have to take your criticism because i have strength . geez , artists . .
maybe one day i could help you . . hang them up , that is . i am 6 3 !
i do not think so . there are too many farms , and i hate vegetables !
great ! watching the local news , which i was once on
nice , i like canada so much i have been there twice
nice . what does your family ddo ? my father drove a cab in the 70s
nice . my uncle used to live in florida and worked on fishing boats
that is sad . what else do you know
sorry to hear that . i have not done anything illegal
i do not know . do you have a favorite color ?
i like green too . canada has a lot of green
its going good i guess . just walked my dog .
ok cool i have been all alone since my mom passed .
no i have no siblings . i focus on my work and dog mostly
that must be nice . i wish i did . i write for fun as well
i do marketing and advertising but write fictions on the side
do you like that or are you looking for better
f you like it then it is for you . good day . must go
likewise , hopefully we will do this again . good night
hey ! it was pretty good . i slept a lot , haha . how was yours ?
what kind of party ?
was there music and dancing ?
awesome . what kind of music ? bruno mars is my favorite
oh wow ! i am still in high school
is that a hard job ?
do you have to have really good grades to do something like that ?
i get a lot of ds and cs in school
great i am loving me some cheese this fall
and i love spongebob what do you love
that is awesome i am old
its ok being 101 years old is good
do you enjoy listening to music
frank sinatra is my go to music
yes i do i have 34 grand kids
it is but they are a true joy
i read two books today . what about you ?
do write blogs ? i love book blogs .
cool , i have a book review blog called the bookworm .
no , i am all alone . just me and my books . do you have kids ?
how sweet . what are their names ?
i am happy for you . i read a book once called roxie wins the game !
no , but i like reading cookbooks too .
i bet they are happy . can you send me some food ?
i am good thanks for asking
i love baking and spending time with my family
that is cool i want to learn
no i am not a vegan sorry
i work out period so
no i do not sorry
yes it is i love it
i am good . just got finished taking my dog on a long walk .
not here . do you have any pets ? i also have a lizard .
do you have any hobbies ?
i like to cook and garden .
i wish ! i work for an attorney .
oh , that sounds interesting . my mom is living with me .
she lost her job a few months ago .
i am good thanks for asking , and you ?
that is awesome ! i loved school ! do you have any hobbies ?
that sounds fun ! right now i have been spending time at the neighbors pool .
i am not married , but i am wanting the neighbors pool boy .
sort of , i love collecting bears , especially ones that wear rain coats .
i buy a lot of them online from connecticut bear company .
thanks me too ! what subject do you teach ?
that is great . i am sure you are a wonderful teacher !
not too good sales are down .
neither the way things are goin !
nothing any more i am bankrupt .
that is over 15 words
no i just want to be rich !
i just need a career change
i am doing well . kicking back listening to some music .
how many cats do you have ?
that is kind of you to do . what do they eat ?
being rescue cats , i thought they might eat mice !
ah . that makes sense . i avoid the streets too !
mostly listening to music . i also like wine and cheese .
hi ! it is great , yours ? what do you do for a living ?
wow opening a bakery would be amazing ! do you have other hobbies ?
most of my time is spent at work where i dj on the radio !
i spend time with my many friends too . one actually taught me how to drive .
it is hard for me to get around . i use a cane , which limits me going out .
i hurt my knee many years ago and it just never healed correctly .
it is mostly just stiff . not too much pain , thankfully !
great . just relaxing with an interesting novel
i am a student but loves poetry and fantasy novels
i am from atlanta georgia and you ?
no . what do you do ? i plan to work as a journalist in the future
oh great . my dad is a clerk but my mom a librarian
yes i do . reading and travelling
yes of course glad you trust me already
that is a hard thing to tell people but people are more accepting of it sometimes
why they might be okay with it ? what kind of music do you like
i like rock music i love worn the group and anything that is the color purple
what games do you like to play
those sound like fun games . i mostly swim on my down time when the weather is good
i like to run and dance .
yeah , dancing with my friends is my favorite .
how tall are you ? i am 6 feet .
wow , that is tall ! my whole family is tall .
yes ! it is so annoying .
oh . i wish i could play an instrument .
i really enjoy going to school .
i am going for business administration .
fine fine how areyou . read any good books lately ?
do you cook vegetarian food . that ias what i am .
i read plenty of books about cooking when i am bored
i write poetry too . helps with the trama i got as a marine
yea , i bartend and get to vent all the time
i have seen it once or twice
hi ! no , that is bad , you know ! but i do not judge . how are you ?
i am good , thanks . does the pot make you feel hungry ?
nice ! who are you listening to ?
what food do you like ?
oh , wow ! i do not eat meat at all .
i do not work . maybe i will sign up for the army to be with my brother .
no , he likes country music . my 2 nephews like rap ,
hi , of course , who does not
i do not go that often , i usually stay home and read books
really ? i love books , i am a librarian
yes , i am the classic librarian who owns 2 cats
my favorite color is pink , that is also the name of my cat
i am not the outdoor type of person , i read books to my cats
it is true , and they like that
yes , they do not even move while i am reading
you too , thanks for the chit chat
i am doing fine , how are you today ?
that sounds nice , but i prefer guitar and video games more
i mainly use my phone to text my boyfriend , we have a very loving relationship
my boyfriend keeps me sane with my bad bad dog , he has behavior issues
our cat begs constantly , she has such a bad habit for human food
our little nugget has a thing for pasta , she sits on back legs and meows for it
same , most of my phone is pictures of my cat , better than my dog
same , i use it for everything in my life , even work
i work during the day as a musician
doing fine , i like gardening also and is learning now
on a boat ? you live on a boat ? i am an accountant also .
some hobbies i want you to know , electric violin , and watch my koi
my koi lives in my pond its called spot
tell me about jane austen , you sound like a writer on a boat , cool
ha had of course ! big red and yellow spots on my koi !
i am good , getting ready to do some experiments
mostly scientific things . . . what do you do for a living ?
i am single , how many kids do you have ?
someday . being a mom is a busy job , do you have any free time ?
i like to think of myself as a chef . i cook many cuisines
i cannot cook it but i sure love to eat it lol
cool that seems very interesting
playing the guitar and video games
hi ! i just started school and recently met a new girl who i am dating
i am into going to museums whenever i have time to spare from school .
none ! i do have a garden i tend to . i am a vegan , they are my pets !
i love cats ! just hate they pee in boxes !
so where are you from ?
cool . i do too while i am in school . are you married or dating ?
take them to museums , they are sure to enjoy that .
i know how u feel my job is mind numbing snake oil
my favorite music is jacob sartorius
i listen to him at costco i love bacon in bulk
my dog oreo and me cloud watch on our free time
i like flirting in large events staring from across the field
well most women say they are out of my league
i cant do tinder i do not want kids yet
hooking up is sex and babies come from sex
pizza sounds good right now !
that is cool ! what is your favorite season ? i like winter
i understand i like winter so i can take a break from running marathons .
i do not , and i run the 5k . any favorite foods ? mine is apples .
cool ! what are your hobbies ?
fun ! i enjoy swimming in the summer .
you are right it is !
hi how are you today
i play jazz and stuff
yeah i do the saxophone yeah
dogs are just singing along
does he like to watch that
i do not do you
nice do you like seafood
i do shrimp and lobster are my favorite
hi sarah ! my day is nasty ! what is as delicious day ? lol
i would not know . athletes cannot be eating cake and candy
i play professional soccer . my job is not enjoyable , trust me .
that would be lovely . we should travel together . i want to become an explorer
i travel to india often . the indian ocean is beautiful . i think you would like it .
the ocean is so blue and clean , which is why blue is my favorite color .
no ; many fish are gone because of over fishing and poaching , as well as pollution .
the people of the future will have to live in this mess . it is sad
yes . i heard it is supposed to help with the trash problem in the ocean
i would love to see something that reduces the levels of carbon dioxide in the atmosphere
where are you from , my friend ?
interesting ; i am in the west . i heard the south is beautiful , but hot .
yes . i was born in california .
i am great thanks and you ?
do you have a car ?
i restored a mustang . vroom
i do not i drive it to football
i have hairsts just normal . do you like food
i like every football book
hello , i am doing well . how about you ?
only one million ? that is chump change .
i am a bills fan , we like garbage plates and having sex in the parking lot .
i think you have been mixing to many alcoholic beverages .
i am from syracuse but i study in spain where the women love my accent
i want to be an english teacher i can help you .
clemson sucks . now the bills just need to make the playoffs .
what is your nfl team ?
i am from argentina but live in the usa . where is home for you ?
oh okay , i travel also i have girlfriends in every city
that is neat , any hobbies ?
i ride horses and and breed cattle
i am also a avid hiker
yes but they get the same amount of time
that is not fun , you have to live a little lol
yes i do alright . people love beef
i am well . especially since i went out for dinner , my fav activity
just mcdonalds poutine but i love going out for supper
i like cooking too but if i had a choice i would have all meals out
yes so is rap for me . believe it or not
i like drake . i grew up on the same street as he did
it sure is . weston rd . he was moved to forest hill later
about 40 minutes on transit or 20 minutes by car .
drake really made it big and so did several other canadians
hi , good luck with that ! i am allergic to cats
i am so happy that you enjoy it . i am not a fan of most animals , especially spiders
no tattoos , needles scare me .
do you knit socks ? i have a tick where i put my left sock on first always
yes , i was home alone alot
no real hobbies , always wish i could ski
i cannot go to high altitude due to a medical condition
i work at a job that i am not a fan of
i hear you , stayed up far too late and am feeling it now
i am sorry for your situation , i like to watch tv to distract myself from things like that
sounds straight out of a novel , mind if i use your story in my next book ?
that sounds like it would be very isolating
when i feel that way i find myself subconsciously wearing all black
well i truly hope you start feeling better about all this
hello , i am wei , i do not have any pets .
i am working as a mechanic .
oh that is cool . i also surf sometimes for fun . what about you ?
that is nice . i live in california . what about you ?
oh cool . i also own a german shepard .
that is very interesting . wow .
that is great . i do too , and i love texting about it .
yes , but playing hockey is best of all .
i wish i was not so busy at the computer and had time to sing .
i am a writer and researcher . i use the computer for my work .
i am addicted to the house of cards . never seen magic mike . is it good ?
i love kevin spacey . my mother and grandmother do too !
he is the lead character who plays potus . he is so cool .
its short for president of the united states .
wow you are talented . i like to ride horses .
during the day i work for a non profit . we help kids .
i do eat meat . i do not eat any veggies actually . i love cheese too .
no , and i cannot eat shellfish either . i am allergic .
i love taking care of people , something in that field . you ?
i am boring too . trust me . i surf the web a lot .
that is how you and i met , after all .
where are you from ? pa here .
sounds like a lot of fun and noise !
i prefer going out to eat . drives in the country is not bad either .
they have not kicked you out yet ? ha ha !
that is quite a gig you have got there ! do you pay rent ?
does she live with you in the basement ?
man , you have got an all around good deal !
have you seen any good movies lately ?
it is one of my favorite things to do .
the tv show or the movie ?
i did ! i love laying in bed on a rainy day with the tv on !
yeah i wish my bed was bigger because i have a single but it works
i love pizza ! for snack or meal ! you ?
pretzels are good ! how is parking where you live ?
nice , i own a van so it is always hard to find parking
yeah , i play video games for a living ? you ?
hey how are you doing james ? i am don
yes i am . barely . i hear its all man made . do u believe that
i am be of my hobbies are reading . which i love to do
oh wow . that sounds fun . i even wrote a bio of my fav actor
no . i just did it for myself . so do you have any pets with you ?
no as a truck driver ? i only have 1 dog and i adopted from kill shelter
dang that sucks . i bet it gets lonely huh ?
hi . i like to use my mind and hands to create . what do you like ?
nice . i am artistic . my house has a yard . it is too small for horses .
i used to bet on dog races . then my dog died . i am not complete .
sorry to hear that . did you learn anything from your parents ?
that is good . the world is where i find inspiration . my parents taught me that .
me too . i like to learn to create new items . i might create doggy items .
that might just work . people like people who are interesting .
maybe you can date someone who like horses also . like a jockey or stable hand .
good . just got back from the campus library . you ?
that is cool . are you in college too ?
sweet ! i live off campus too with my boyfriend of 2 years .
cool . the parents are visiting me . dads a dentist and moms a teacher .
yeah . they want me to switch my major from business administration to teaching .
that sounds interesting . how do you like it ?
i could imagine . i have hear it is a lot of work . good for you .
oooh , las vegas . do you work the tables ? is it true red wins more then black ?
yeah . i think red is relaxing . it is a great color . the best color .
oh , i guess there would be more then casino jobs out there .
cool . my tennis shoes are red , i wear them to go for runs .
i am studying fashion design right now . so glad red is hot for the season .
active wear right now , but i prefered my haute couture class .
is not red great ! my purse is scarlet and my lipstick is fire engine red .
i am great how are you
watching television and cooking beans
i love beans they clean out my colon
not if they are cooked right
rice usually and eat on them all week
i am so bald and so busy too
my parents do not love me so i eat
i need a vacation with my parrot
no ways ! i love both nfl and college football games
i reside in the great state of georgia , ahh peaches !
cool , nfl fantasy football league is my hobby !
ohh , i read fiction novels , i really love them !
awesome , nfl and college football are my preferences !
nice ! i partake in the nfl fantasy football league , you ?
fiction books are my first love !
i live in georgia and i did not marry a relative !
what are you celebrating ? glad you are having a good day
congratulations ! ! are you a biologist ? i am into art myself
i also like to hike with my border collies
yes with oils . i also speak french and english . what do you do for fun ?
that is cute . where do you live i am about to move to a different state
are you irish with the red hair or dyed
do people call you ginger ?
would you make the world a better place ?
hi . trying to enjoy everything about life , since there , sadly , is not much left .
according to my doctor i have 6 months left . but i am living it up .
i get to see justin bieber , he is my favorite ! ! and i will eat ice cream
i do too and fried fish dinner , even though i have a lactose allergy .
aw that is nice . i never had a dog . i bet its awesome .
haha ! no , not married . . . probably wo not be to be married but its ok
i try ! i am glad i got to talk to such a nice person .
thank you ! justin here i come . . . . maybe i will get married , haha
i am good how about you ?
where do you work at
what color hair do you have ?
mine is red its super hot
i do not but i love the beach
its not goodbye its just farewell for now
see that is not so bad then
i do not i live at the coast
hi i am good . i collect toys that are specifically wearing rain coats .
i am a little odd . i also hear voices and lust the neighbors pool boy .
i like that movie too ! do you enjoy mystery flavored cake like i do ?
oh you are a teacher ?
oh how cool . what grades do you teach ?
that is fun ! i wish i had a teacher that did that . do you like it ?
i hope i find my calling and not these voices i hear .
i want to . i am hoping to see the pool boy about it !
i am good how are you
wow what does that mean
that sounds tough what do you do for fun
that is sweet i just moved here from france
that is cool i just decided i needed a change
i might just check that out
no its ok i like trying new things what food do you like
i recently found a great recipe for vegan tacos
hey , pretty cool . my 3 dogs are waiting patiently for their walks .
you should get a dog then ! walking mine makes me very happy .
tank , he is very big . he loves my dad . he used to sell cars .
my favorite hobby is cooking . how about you ?
that is a big family ! you must be a good cook too then , feeding all of them .
if you ever need a big car , my dad might be able to help you .
he is retired now but still has connections .
not yet . maybe some day i will but definitely not 4 of them !
good . i am listening radio , i love listen classic on the radio .
mozart . do you like fishing ?
summer and fishing . unfortunately , i have to go work everyday . i hate from work .
do you prepare for christmas , every year i do myself .
we are decorating with my sister . i love it .
i have two . i am older than . do you have any ?
awesome . you are big family . does you father work at school ?
nice , how old are you ?
i am twenties i am older than you .
i am good how are you
i am trying to audition for a singing competition
what kind of art do you do
that sould be so cool
how long have you been doing that
that is nice i wish i was more creative
pop music but i get nervous and do not preform
yeah but i hate singing in front of people
hey ! how are you ?
are you a receptionist ? lol . i am okay , tired . just made a batch of beer
that is cool ! do you like it ? and yes , it started as a hobby
how long until you are done ? yup ! its my job now , so perfect
i can imagine , i will send you some beer to help you destress lol
a lot of hiking , sports , and photography . you ?
i am ok , but i am pretty lazy unfortunately .
me too ! i want to eat well but i like food and sleeping a lot more .
i do too . i work at a factory at night and sleep all day .
we sound a lot alike . i socialize very little . i prefer to be alone
i should get more done in the day than i do .
definitely . maybe if i ate better i would have more motivation .
my job is in a cereal factory so that is my fave !
breakfast food is some of my favorite and then i like a good nap .
i am good . filming myself putting on makeup for my youtube channel
there are so many good channels on youtube . do you like it ?
oh wow interesting . can you communicate with dolphins ? i love them
my dad could advertise for you if you want to make your business bigger
he is pretty affordable . not sure of exact cost
very nice . he helps me make my lets plays
are you divorced or separated ?
absolutely . i wish you all the best
i hate that irma came .
not yet just left , i just love all the water but that is a biggie
i rather see it in a cartoon lol i know that is fake
yes i do my mom talks too much about elvis , she met him .
really , who ? i left my parents really young
omao ! i like that response
oh well you are lol
hi i am doing good , what are some of the things you do ?
that is good , i fish , play board games , sports , and race cars .
i do considering i have 4 girls .
thanks interesting , how do you like it ?
thanks makes no sense , however i can understand .
yes i live in 4 walls made out of drywall .
how is that ? you ever get tired of each other ?
makes perfect sense , i would not be able to do that .
i am doing very well , just made it in to port .
i am a commercial fisherman on the vessel my dad used to work on as well .
i am a commercial fisherman on the vessel my dad used to work on as well .
your mother must have worked as hard as my father , he was the chef .
my father raised me on his own . no , i do not have dementia , do you ?
may have been a glitch in the system , i am not good with electronics .
no , i do not . i am more of a hiker .
hi ! yes , i love cooking and watching movies with family .
yes , we make homemade ice cream all the time !
what is your favorite flavor ? mine is chocolate , then banana .
so when are you getting married ? soon ?
that is nice ! i have not met mr . right yet .
thanks ! what is your favorite season ? i like summer .
what do you study ? i already graduated .
maybe , is there fishing there ?
how many children do you have
i have 4 , i do not have time for music
i am sporty , and i spend my spare time racing cars
i do not care about your husband
hmmmm . board games , my kids , cars , you
not really . they do not like much that i like .
anything , everything , nothing . going fishing
i am doing well , you ?
i just got done welding all day . time for video games a steak !
chocolate is always good . would you like to hear a secret ?
i am gay have not told my parents .
my parents are very religious . i am afraid they will not understand .
i do not think they would even understand me chatting with strangers ! ; p
food allergies are easier to cure then intolerance . . . it has been nice chatting with you though !
have a great night , it is about time for my steak games !
oh you know , working hard to reach my dreams .
right now i am just a small graphic designer , but working my way up .
no but i love kids movies . i would like to work for dreamworks .
haha , it will take longer than a year , but maybe eventually .
no its late here . just listening to some classical music , hoping to get inspiration .
probably good for your baby too .
i am doing incredibly well . i am alone eating steak . you ?
perhaps . i travel a lot , though . your ranch would have to distribute widely .
this is probably from your ranch then . i often eat steak instead of sleeping .
you sound mysterious . what else do you do with your time ?
mysterious indeed . i am intelligent enough to skip college , but i go for the networking .
what do you do outdoors ?
sounds great . i have no immediate family and travel alone , so that sounds tranquil .
well , thank you for all the steak . it has been great talking to you .
hello , i am fine . how are you ?
is that a hobby ? i am a big foodie , i love to cook different meals .
what do you like to make ? i also enjoy chatting with friends .
oh i love both those things ! what do you do ?
oh nice , hope that is going well for you .
i bet you cannot wait . i enjoy being at home with my kids and dogs
two kids and three dogs , quite a busy house .
hello can you believe that i saw jimmy fallon in person ?
i agree . since playing the piano i could may earn some money doing that lol
i do sometimes . i enjoy sewing my own clothes
my aunt always sewed her clothes she is gone now but i love it
i loved visiting her so was so kind and gentle
she had a green thumb and loved flowers me not all that much
no just lots and lots of flowers in her yard and some veggies
i love fresh garden vegetables
i do ! we have a kevin at the church my dad preached at !
i am sure i know other kevins from where my mom was a music teacher too lol
i am sorry ! heres something happy . i am getting a new car ! mines so old ! over 20 years !
hmmm heres something else happy . i am going back to college because i did not finish
that is cool ! what do you do with your free time ? any favorite movies ?
do you know any songs from the last of the mohicans ? its my favorite movie
do you know any songs from the last of the mohicans ? its my favorite movie
lol hi rob , it is ray from florida again
at the age of 45 i am still on a gymnastic team
well my mom and dad are both scientists , but gave since retired
i followed in their footsteps and became a scientist as well
not married , but i work out because i am tall and well built
i went to a beatles concert in 1967 , even though i was born in 1972
well my dad took me , he just did not know i was there at the time
yeah i was just swimming and swimming like dori from nemo lol
hello , nice to meet you too .
it was good , i binge watched the show heroes today .
i love anything action superheros all the way . where do you work ?
i work at home through a call center . stare at screens all day .
yes a few , we face time on our i phones constantly .
i stay on my phone . most of my books are ebooks . what do you read ?
mostly sci fi dystopian novels . does your spouse share your interest ?
i am great ! just got my acceptance letter .
i do not mind the them but they are not my favorite .
i play piano and guitar
i am going to study music production in college .
blue for the university of kentucky
that is where i just got accepted .
my two older brothers go there .
it is hard to imagine life without them .
i bet it feels invigorating !
lol i am hungry for pizza it is my favorite
i have a dog , but yes i eat meat
aww . . . my dogs name is honey she is a golden
i was an only child so my pet was important to me
i actually homeschooled my daughter
she is 34 years old now
wow that is a lot i am sitting here with my dog tiki
i want to try some if i can
that is interesting i am a teacher
that is cool i went to college
that sounds truely amazing to me
are they i never eat them
they are the best i suppose
i love movies of all sorts
hey hows it going tonight
yea sure . lets watch some movies too
about cars hopefully . love the mustang
do you like pets ? you should
that is too many . only 2 dogs for me
i have 3 jobs . cant have any more pets
not really . i am mostly grumpy
well , i was taking care of my beta fish
i think so . also , i donated clothes today
you are awful young
well , i am an old poet .
also , i am involved in the gun club !
i am a guy . also , i golf
no , guns can be dangerous , and you really have to know how to use them !
well , there are special classes you have to take
i am good how are you
but it is raining yeah
wow i want to drive one
yeah i like that conviction nice
mostly i just go to class
studying to be a doctor
it sure is i tell you
you have to be strong for them
i am a ps4 person . mostly i like playing sports and biking though .
get pumped ! do you eat right ? i try , but orange veggies .
i bet you get all the awesome promo gear . any sport contacts ?
i need contacts to read . glasses fall off when i work out .
definitely not any color close to carrot for me . you write for the magazine ?
neat ! please tell me you do not like cooking with carrots .
good to hear . my hair is a pepper brown color . i am getting grey .
i like tennis and the color green and animals
i love to sing ! i also like to walk on the moon
i do not ike beer much at all
i like to go on walks in the park
yeah , also i like to sing and play with pencils
i am not sure . maybe nothing
i do not like her , she is too pretty
i am good . watching casino , robert deniro is my favorite actor .
i work the graveyard shift in a hotel .
i am saving money for college so i can be a psychologist .
sounds yummy ! i love playing in the snow
what ? ? i like surfing anytime i get a chance .
i wish i knew how to play .
wondering if i should go out for ice cream . it feels so late right now .
we made burgers . what about you ?
why would you want to do that ? i would rather stay at home and read .
you have 4 sisters ? i have 4 kids . wonder if we have more in common .
hunny , my husband was a serious solder . i only believe what i can see .
he represented our united states army all through his life .
he died last year .
i believe i love my children so much . kind of like you love iced tea .
but not heights , right ? when i was young , i loved iced tea too .
good luck to you . when you are my age , hopefully you will enjoy reading .
i am doing all great and you
3 pets take my stress away
and my diet makes me feel good
and my gym time makes it really better
can i bring my lets in the gym ?
i will make my own gym then
home made gym just at home
oh that is a great idea
hi , how many kids to you have ? i am a father of daughters of 4 .
i am fine and you , do you like guitar playing ? i do .
oh , all kids love dogs , do you know i have two dogs ? you know what kind ?
what is vestie ? siberian is the type of huskies i have
i do not quite understand you , do you like chocolate cake ?
nice name your friend , what do you think of state troopers from michigan ? cool ?
being a trooper is my job . at breaks i eat my cake , guess what flavor ?
i am chad and i am a video game programmer for a living
that is cool , wife got laid off work as a human resources job
me too , i want to create my own start up company in the gaming industry
no pets , my son plays football on a local team
my job has let me be on the design team for over 65 video games
he is 12 years of age and is good at it
maybe you and my son can play
wow . ok , what do you do for fun ?
feeling good , tell me about yourself .
i have a brother , we are twins .
identical with very differing interests . have you ever read david copperfield ?
very close , i bake the cakes for all the birthdays and get togethers .
would you two like to come to my tap dance competition ? i could win again .
i win almost every time . do you have a special talent ?
just keep practicing . you should read david copperfield too . inspiring .
i would let you borrow mine but it is hard to part with .
hi , there , stranger . i am fine . how are you ?
why would that be fascinating ? i do not trust them .
what kind of parties do you throw ? not that i am interested . . .
i am not sure . . . i have never really been to one .
i might but i probably wo not . you can find me at the local library . . . by myself .
a few . . . guy friends only . i cannot relate to other women although i am one .
listening to pink , i always listen to this when i am painting . you ?
i will draw for you while i wait . i am good and do it all the time
nope , but i drew a map , takes me an hour to drive to work in morning traffic
nope we ate them , because my wife makes very good pasta .
people pasta , you should have some it is the best
people chocolate ? never thought of making that . sound very good
i can tell you that i love to work out . you ?
i like reading that is why i work for a magazine
i like shakira , she has pretty yellow hair . yellow is my favorite .
i love dogs ! i have 2 and a kitten .
i hope you have a good night .
i think we have to wait a bit longer ?
what kind of dogs do you have ?
probably head home to the condo . no plans tonight
i do not . i live alone here . family is overseas . you ?
on weekends i bike ride but mostly i spend my time on reddit . you ?
sounds fun . what have you designed lately ?
i see . any particular genre ?
i tried that once . did not go so well because i based it off my favorite color .
it is blue . what is your start company about ?
hello . i am a nurse and i love books and movie in my spare time
discovery ?
oh ok . . . i love shark week !
why ?
it seems everything is fake now a days . . .
i wish i could get out more . i am in the hospital all day . double shifts
cool . i travel often so that could be useful . where do you live ?
haha that is funny . i am currently in japan .
great . i have not been home in like 2 years . maybe we can go together one day
ja man . i went to jamaica once and a rasta rolled up a fat one
i am a freelance programmer . i make a lot of money to fund my traveling lifestyle
sure i am down . i know a guy we can get pot from down there
yea i prefer drugs . i am lazy haha
i am pretty upset right now
my mom just told me she divorced my dad
i wish haha my college does not allow them in the dorms
do you work ? i work constriction during the summer so i would need a sitter
construction , i mean . as a journalist , would you travel ? i love travelling
they came to my area last summer but i was too busy working construction to go
they really are i was disappointed about having to miss them
i am well . thanks . what are you doing ?
i love tarot , what is your favorite card ?
very nice . i am more of a temperance guy . but i am also into sports .
it does , strength is my birth card though . do you like hockey ?
nice to meet you . i like to live a more enlightened life i guess
one daughter . she is two , and she is my heart . we do yoga together .
it is the only way to be , tarot , yoga , vegan . seriously .
yay ! where are you from ? i am in new york .
as good as a 300 pound man can be . how are you ?
i just watched the godfather for the 300th time .
see 1 and 2 . 3 sucks .
oh 2 is as good as 1 . the mafia and the decent from good to bad .
no , more of a drama . one of the greatest films of all time .
depends on how you define sad .
that is unfortunate . no women in my house .
great ! i live in manhattan and was thinking about going to a museum .
nice . are you married ? i am , but no kids . lots of nephews and nieces .
i like that ! no tattoos for me . i am a chicken .
i have two . i authored 10 books , one for each nephew and niece .
awesome . i go to bars alot in the city . great place to be .
where do you live ? ever go to the metropolitan museum of art ?
i have been to clearwater before . nice area .
i love the beach there . ever go to the indoor surf area ?
great ! just finished with classes . i could use a cup of joe !
throw on a jeans and tee and run . that is why i love wearing them
i have to run everyday to work off all the m ms i eat .
dude that is late . jay , my crush i work with is going . wish i could too
really ? i am so there . maybe i will get to see jay !
yikes ! i got my tongue pierced . that hurt for days
just do not move your eyebrows too much . haha !
well , hello yourself other bipedal carbon life form !
is there a lot of research to be done on fried potatos ?
that is wonderful . i enjoy their music sometimes .
due to your research in fried potatoes ?
its hard to trip going up .
you sound like a robot so i am guessing you can travel quite quickly .
hello i am ray from florida where are you from
i am good i like to blog i mostly have blog with popular publishers
no never been to the west coast but i have read about it
i really like to share my opinions after i read a book
i love florida , i usually post reviews on my blog about books i read
what did you catch on your fishing trip down here ?
yes i have , alot of crazy stuff happens here in miami
flounder is really a good fish to eat , i caught a 26 pound flounder once
hello , i am doing very well . how are you ?
what are you taking classes for ? i am going back to school when my girls hit college .
nice ! my husband works long hours at telecom , so someone has to be here .
awesome ! my oldest is in the honors program at her school
they are 16 17 . we are going mountain climbing this weekend .
how exciting ! i get road rage at times , do you ?
staying cool is the key . do not let anyone stress you while driving .
what are you going to be studying in college ?
that is very economical . i am cooking for my family before a soccer game .
soccer is what my son does , i just do the driving . lol
your mom sounds awesome . what do you do for work ?
so working from home too ? i do as well . i love the freedom .
ferrets are fun . i had one as a kid . a lot of training though .
they love hammocks in their cages .
i just done with my painting , i just had a free time to do it
i play around with color blue coz it is my favorite
wow , i drive my 4 wheel car
i need to wash my uniform at work after this
my house is already paid
that s it you will be doing
wow that is a great idea
she is okay . . . i am more into tacos lol
i have a sunday night taco and movie ritual . . . cant miss it lol
what can i say , my cat and i are super exciting
what is your favorite to bake ?
funny , my son said i was talking about cake in my sleep last night
i am not the greatest at baking though
hey i am sewing right now . . . mittens
good good , real good . swam 200 laps and aced a test !
lol , congrats . i have never done something like that . you sound brave
do what you gotta do . how old are you ?
not at all , just wondering . . .
sounds like it ! wondering if you were college age , but guess not lol
yeah pretty much all day , only time i am not when i am swimming
hi i am doing ok how are you
i am a consultant for a local police department .
i like music do you sell just cds or have instruments too
that is interesting . do you have any pets
oh i am sorry you had to quit the band .
i like to swim i go to the pool all the time
i like pools better the ocean has to many animals like sharks
i mostly go to the ymca to swim now a days
i am good how about you ?
cool , i love to draw i am sort of an artist .
i like to paint and make some sculptures .
i like to make animal and nature sculptures . i get inspired from hiking .
i do , i am planning to move to washington state soon
there is more places to walk my border collies .
i have two of them . they are so sweet .
hi , what are you up to tonight ?
interesting . . . . i just got back from book club . do you read ?
ah , i see . i get cosmo e edition on my cell phone , i love it !
right ? ! my mom and i shop together often , i am a sucker for amazons 1 click buy .
my cat hates katy perry , he meows like crazy every time her music comes on .
i do , i always have pandora on on my phone . 80s rock is my favorite .
i am from a city called alsip in illinois
i live in a house , and it is close to a steakhouse i really like .
i have a dog . do you like to eat out ?
that is funny . i love steak , my favorite is ribeye .
halloween is coming up , maybe black ?
you are welcome . do you like coffee ?
i love coffee ! i keep trying new flavors and i have a few favorites in the fridge .
yes . vanilla , caramel , hazelnut , dark chocolate and cinnamon
i usually prefer hazelnut , but it depends on my mood .
yes it is very difficult but so worth it when they are older
that would be nice . i just got done sewing a new dress for me
i am not that creative i follow a pattern . i am a nurse
rn i worked at a nursing home
it is a part time job and i still earn 50k annually
i enjoy taking care of my dogs and running with them and you ?
what a giving person ! i am sure they appreciate it
i think it would be easy to feel taken advantage of
oh , pretty good . i just got home from coaching volleyball . how are you ?
haha ! so what do you do besides drink tea ?
well , i teach 6th grade , but in my down time i like to crochet or watch football
i keep busy how often do you visit museums ? have you been to many ?
that is neat . i enjoy museums too . i have only been to a handful though .
awesome ! i would rather go out and sing karaoke than stay in .
i am good . its a bit warm , though . i cannot wait for the cold weather .
i love it . i love the snow and the cold . winter is my favorite season . you ?
yeah , it was great . i do also like driving with my windows down during the summer .
that is great ! good for you .
i am an officer in the national guard . school may be boring , but stick to it .
some of my buddies are , but i have not been deployed yet .
thanks . i am sorry for your friends .
i am more into fine dining ! but , i tried it !
i like going fishing on my boat a lot , it is a viking .
both actually , i have a huge beard also ! ! ! ! !
it is ! ! i also like pillaging too . it is blissful .
oh that is true ! no , do not do that !
i travel by boat or on foot ! you ?
that is all you really need in life ! at least it is not ancient lol .
hi ! how are you ? where do you live ?
great ! i am in ny , but my father is still in china . do you have pets ?
5 years , with my boxer dog what hobbies do you have ?
clouds remind me of the soapy baths i like to take . blue is my fav .
i am into music and extersive . what do you like to shop and where ?
looking for anything in particular to buy ? me too , but to eat the samples !
they are ! you ; ll have to go outside of costco for nice shoes
i am into exercise . what sports do you like ?
i am good . i love watching football and going to broadway shows
i travel alone usually . so single . i am an introvert
i love show tunes . i also love hearing the music they play when the steelers win
sometimes . justin timberlike was my favorite in college . i studied psychology
yes that would be awesome . i could teach them some psychology and watch the steelers
i sure can . they sound like little narcissistic . maybe watch some broadway
haha did you teach them to sing and dance like him
i do , but we have no dogs . we are a poor family .
i love animals . but i do hike and yoga tho .
its great . i love the beauty of the natural world .
right on . so , are you excited for the weekend ?
oh , what movie are you going to see ?
we just watched wonder woman .
it was an awesome movie .
hey how is it going i am in cali , why you there
that is cool i work from home so here with my 10 cats mostly
i write articles full time so on the computer alot
really nice ! i can use that haha , whats your fav food
great , my fav food is blue jello , i know its weird
blue my fav color and seems it taste better like blueberry
i am fine just got home from the park
no i took my dog benny with me
i am sorry for your loss this dog was my mothers she too passed
aww yes i do he keeps me content with life
yes 3 but they live out of state . . you ?
wow , wish mine was bigger i would probably be less shy
i sing when i shower to calm my nerves and anxiety
ok have a fun and blessed day
hi ! yes it is ! i love getting to talk to people .
oh , that is no good . my friends are all local , so i do not get much variety .
i meet people through my uncle and dads jobs . how many kids ?
i can imagine , my dad and uncles childhood stories were always interesting !
because you are so busy or you do not have a support system ?
i imagine most people do not imagine their lives playing out the way they do .
i feel pretty grounded . traveled twice , stayed local , no major changes in my life .
you as well ! i hope you do not feel too adrift .
it might sound crazy but sometimes being lost is a better experience .
i am sure there is some sage advice about being busy being good , haha !
hey ! its going good . nothing much plotting to take over the world lol you ?
awesome ! what type of adventures are you into ?
i totally understand , i am the same way .
no , but found the cure for the common cold
ll , came up with it while singing in the shower
yees , i was told it was because i have bright red hair lol
oh i am sorry to hear that hope you feel better .
i have to raise two bad children .
yes i have a t . v i will try reading sometimes .
i am getting education to become a doctor . i can eat pizza .
thank you so much i like sitting in the mountains .
cool thank you so much . it is hard .
my wife went to be a nurse . that is good .
i am female . how about you
cabins are nice but i prefer mansions .
i love the thrill of speed . i drive purple ferrari
very nice but i rather be rapping
guess what ? i am on tour with frank ocean
i am sorry that you do not believe me
that is amazing . i am going to drive my ferrari across country one day
sure . when shall i come . it will have to be after i am done tour
read read read . and you
you should be tired . i am very exiting , i just started a blog .
post reviews and i catch some good blogs .
i know some publishers i want to publish my book .
fantastic . what kind of books , do you like ?
i pleased . i hole that one day may be you will read my books .
why do you scared to meet with me ? may be you will be happy ?
that sounds nice . do you so with family and friends ?
i enjoy watching clips with family and friends all the time .
yea , big family and big sports fans .
hopefully i do not spill anything in my brand new chevy .
new truck , a silver silverado
oh that is a good idea for a new business . i want to start one .
ha , no . a pumpkin farm stand .
hello . i am from way up north , i visit my family in canada sometimes .
i do not have any kids , but i do have four tabby cats d
they are the lazy little masters of the human race
that sounds great ! i wish i had off to not need to ride the subway
nah , just need to ride it every day to get to work
what do you do for work ? traffic is too bad to drive here .
i work at an office in the city . plumbing seems interesting at least
what is the weirdest thing you have seen ?
no i just graduated college , to busy working .
i currently work at a local highschool coaching basketball .
i have in past , but my gf has baby on way .
lol true i am nervous gonna propose tonight
that is good i love subtitles
i am going to propose at her college graduation .
i agree lol , tell me more about you .
i am good , it is almost lunch time here .
okay , i like to eat apples or just about any kind of fruit for lunch .
i like to eat fruit with caramel sauce , especially in the fall .
yes i like fall especially halloween , it goes back to my irish roots .
yes , american culture just changed it . where are you from ?
i am your neighbor , lol . louisiana .
yes i live closer to arkansas , i used to live in new orleans .
hi jerome , i am liza . do you have pets ?
nice . i have a piebald cat and 3 dogs . why sundays
ohh . that must suck . i go running on sundays
really ? that sounds entertaining . i would love to hear one
what animals do you use in your stories ?
that does not sound all that bad though .
i am doing very well , thank you . getting ready to walk the dog .
the woods behind our house , i am doing a story on the trees .
beaches are excellent , we will be going there at the end of the month .
i am going to grill steaks tonight , what are you having for dinner ?
that sounds wonderful , the shrimp . i do not eat salads .
i take supplements , lol . i do like ice cream .
i prefer meat , lol . what do you do for fun ?
i am good , just got in an argument with my friend . you ?
i do not want to argue . she does not think i am her kind of guy . hurts .
i need to move on and focus on med school so my doctor parents chill
i want to be an actor , but i am studying to be a doctor .
they know . they refuse to come see me in plays in community theater .
hey , that is life . what about you , what do you do ?
i am good . tired from snorkeling and running around with my komodo lizards .
yes , but only to private islands . . . and only to islands where i can eat fresh mangoes .
i will add that to my ipad notes .
i was in ecuador last month . surprisingly , gary human was live on a beach .
me . . . . only occasionally . . . . when the mood strikes .
i have not listened to irish music . does ireland have good snorkeling ?
ok . . i will note that in my ipad as well !
how are you i am awesome today
like music ? i love jazz
i play in a band the piano i like to go hiking
that is nice do you like to hike ?
that is nice how old are the kids ?
cool , i want kids mine are in algeria
yes i am i want to go home
yes i will be home for holidays
yes , i enjoy reading novels and poetry books
i get paid to help my mother arrange books at the library
no , we mostly eat at restaurants
well , cake and all that other stuff is fattening , so we do not eat desserts
i will simply eat the fruit by itself and leave the breaded part alone
of course it is , just try fruit salads instead or smoothies
they do , but i personally feel it tastes much better when i make it myself
i am literally dying right now , you are so funny , i guess i will be frying apples
top of the morning to yah . i am just grand .
that is actually awesome . what type of boat are you on ?
no , i do not sail but i love the water . i jet ski sometimes .
just about everything . ribs are my favorite food . what is your favorite sport .
i like bowling . i have bowled two 300 games before . and , i build furniture .
was she the author of pride and prejudice ?
yes i am . i studied global affairs in school .
i am good thanks for asking
i am a full time student
what are you going to school for ?
do you think animals like you ?
what city are you from ?
do you have any hobbies ?
i like movies and music alot
it is okay . my mom does not even love me
wow ! you are an absolute genius . mine is 145 .
that is pretty cool . i think it is because i left her home at baton rouge
no i do not do either but i do cook
i love to cook vegan cuisine . i am sorry to hear about that !
awesome ! ! do you have any pets ? and match houses are too cool
i have a parrot whose name is parrot . i do not travel though
that is a strange place for a parrot ! i am single . what about you ?
i am ok my allergies are killing me though
lucky you . . how are you doing today ?
that is awesome so do you have animals
yes i have a cat she is so cute
goody and she hangs out the whole hour i get ready
yes turning my skin red from scrubbing so hard in the shower lol
good ! how about your self ?
that sounds fun ! do you do that with friends ?
that is great . what do you do for a living ?
good for you ! i just sit around and play video games
that sounds like an adventure . any cool stories ?
that is cool . i study music when i have time
ya life is lived to the fullest by me
ok . i have to cook this big meal for my three daughters .
research my history . mom came from saudi arabia .
oh . i am proud of being a woman and my heritage .
i think i am in the mood for a la carte ice cream and a soft .
every lunch time every day if that is enough .
yes but my daughters think i am a wonderful mother . must be the food . lol
hello , i am doing very well now that it is lunch time for the students .
i am , and i go home to two more , and several fur kids .
i do . mainly metal and classical . what do you listen to ?
i think that would help my autistic son , but medical marijuana is not legal here .
we have tried everything for him , i know it has helped a lot of people .
what do you do for a living ?
my oldest son wants to go into it
hi , i am doing ok ? what are you working on ?
wow , is your favorite color pink ?
oh i see , do you have any hobbies ?
i like working out and helping animals
yea , animals are basically my lif
i used to , but now i mostly just go to the gym and work out
not really , i am trying to save up to go to vet school
that sounds like fun . you should add a little coffee shop too !
good so far it was rainy all day
i know you had lots of rain not that long ago
i bet . being a free spirit i really try to live off the land
australia is a lovely place so i have heard
basically finding ways to live off the land working is not fun
i guess i get it honestly my parents taught me to do this
i love family as well and love to have fun
no i do not do you ?
i am fantastic how was your day
do you like to garden at all ?
i have never been hunting myself
yes i have on the gun range but i like gardening more
no i play the violin you ?
my day job is being a musician lol
musician and i am an accountant you ? ?
that is nice do you have any pets ?
i love coffee mugs ! i am an old soul and like that stuff .
oh yes , i am passionate about a lot of things .
i like to tell stories . i just want to be heard . have a voice .
well , i have chronic back problem , unfortunately .
oh wow ! i would love to be on a game show !
i have a crush on pat seajack . he gets me worked up ;
i like the way he says the word vowel .
yes , i think she is an old soul like me .
a little sore from ballet practice . cooperating with yummy mac n cheese though ! ! !
uhhhhg . i would not have the attention span for that . i am more into video games .
i de stress by painting my nails and coloring my hair ! got purple and platinum respectively ! ! !
well you should ! and you should start with a big heaping bowl of mac n cheeeeeese !
painter , writer , now singer too ? pretty high brow for this trailerpark girl !
dreadful ! i live alone and love it . never have to share the video games .
lock em out ! then make the mac . add sausage ! and destiny solo ! ! !
doing pretty good . what about yourself ?
yep , my fave show is actually dancing with the stars !
not really . mostly classical stuff .
there is a coffee shop near campus that i am at .
probably not the best thing for a teacher i guess
take it easy buddy . just saying
i am not your pay , buddy .
just talking to you is making my back hurt . it hurts all the time .
despite my passion for all things , my soul is very old .
you should type faster because i really like it when i am heard .
do you work yourself up ? i do it all the time .
i am much older than you and you must listen to what i say .
my back hurts so much , i feel like you do not understand .
i am getting worked up . you should type faster young lad or lass .
my soul is ancient , just like the trees .
i am roger , former military . do you travel much ?
fair enough , i enjoy camping personally , great way to spend some family time
very unique music taste you have ! i listen to more rock when i drive my truck
exercise helps me with stress , have you tried going for a run ?
i usually end up going at least 4 times
i like to try and stay in shape as much as i can
so how many kids have you got sandy ?
good on you , hold old are they ?
same as everyday , just sitting at home listening to backstreet boys . you ?
i wish i could do that . its hard when you are as medicated as i am .
i am used to it . been taking 4 pills a day since i was a kid .
i do not have a lot of hobbies besides music and cheese tasting .
is that hard ? does cheese have gluten ?
how does your dog go rock climbing ?
by the time i am 46 i would like to go rock climbing .
thanks i will look into it .
i am doing great . what are you up to ?
that is cool . my wife was diagnosed with terminal cancer
yes it is . i also have three children
wow . does he know martial arts ?
i am a black belt in karate btw .
it is very fun , but today i ditched d
yea , and i was not feeling it today .
i am good how are you ? what do you like to do ?
wow that is awesome . i like to game and run
action games ! do you know much about national parks then ?
i love visiting national parks i have not been to that one yet though .
i work at an office job .
i hope you are successful with that .
that would be so cool ! ! a lot more fun than an office job
yeah it was great i saw it at the white house
no he is married to my daughter i will tell him you like him tho
i had glasses me and my wife did
i ride in whatever secret service wants me to ride in . it feels great
i do not golf as much and have been there when things happen that need me
what do you do for a living
that sounds interesting and fun
i am doing great , just ate some lunch . i am a foodie .
it is 3 46 , i have a late schedule . what time is it there ?
oh , that sounds interesting . do you have any pets , or kids ?
i do , i have 2 daughters toddlers , and 3 dogs .
they are twins , its a difficult time , but i love taking them shopping .
oh , i heard walmart has the whole super center shopping option now . i love it because ; food !
cooking is one of my biggest hobbies . how about you ?
i would love to taste some vegan food some day , do you have vegan friends ?
doing fine , doing fine . what time is it there ?
super early , i am out in hawaii .
yeah , quite a few . hows the weather there ?
holy cow . its been raining a lot here .
what part of texas are you in ? west ?
ah , i have not been out there since 2007 .
ll , in recovery i just got spooked by a black widow that was nesting in my shoe
i am a computer technician , though to be honest , its nothing special
yeah , i like to go rock climbing and bike riding . and carping .
well its how we met . wink
no , you and me silly p
its so late here . . . i just sat down with a nice hot chai tea . so delicious .
ugh ! cleveland . . . so gloomy and grey here . . . talk to me about something fun . what do you do ?
nice , i went to the renaissance fair today and did cosplay
too bad . i will eat mexican freezer meals while i am at home working
i watch a lot of game of thrones . it is my favorite tv show , ever !
that is too bad . you should watch more tv and movies . i love it
or you can dress up in cosplay . maybe she will like that ?
take her out to the renaissance fair
it is worth a try
maybe watch some comedy tv shows
i am good how are you tonight ?
i do i am an interior designer . . . what about you ?
oh that is good . . . what are you studying ?
nice . . . . i love food all kinds . . what do you like to cook
those are always good . . . . so are you going to specialize in pastries
why would you need short tables ?
oh i have the same problems but it is because i am so tall
i am doing well . where are you from ?
i live in texas , what kind of stuff do you do in toronto ?
fun , how many kids do you have . i like baking with mine and go horseback riding
i have six . ages 4 15 . how old are yours
that must be a real handful !
i bet , do you have much help ? my mom is a retired teacher so she is great .
how long have you been married ?
i am alright just loving soccer .
yes , i also put my money in the stock market , do you buy stocks ?
my brothers love being outdoors , all thre of them .
i would like some decor when i move to london .
when i retire from accounting at nike . i
you should visit one day .
sure , i can do some accounting for you .
great ! dealing with my 3 dogs and toddlers !
i am a lawyer , thank god i can afford help with the triplets .
i just take them to the doggy park in my big suv .
i am so stressed out ! you too ?
i do not ! how can you with such a big family ? ll
and i have a very busy office too .
i am well an single lol you ?
cool ! i work in a boring doctors office reading all day
i wish someone deliver me lilies i love them .
you know how to read ? i have a love for dogs
you like pets also ? cool i love doggies
i wish i could get me an bella lillies
i bet you do an flowers too huh
i m a college student studying business and work at a pizza place part time
i love pepperoni pizza ! do you have a job ?
cool . do you go to many parties at your school ?
nice . what type of music do you like ?
that must ve been fun ! do you have any jobs outside of being a student ?
yeah i can t wait to graduate ! i want to own my own business someday
i m a business major . i ll graduate within two years hopefully
how are you doing today
cooking and spending time with my family
i wanted to be a nurse
got ya my sister is going to school to be a nurse
ok then you have fun with that book
i bet you it does
thank you and yeah she told me it is stressful
i am good and yes but monday will be here quick .
i do not work but i am in school . my mom works at a bank though .
that is cool . i never met my father , he left when i was a baby .
do you write books ?
i like to learn new languages . right now i speak english and french , looking to expand that .
no , not really . i like country too though . any favorite foods ?
absolute favorite is mushroom ravioli but you have to love mushrooms to like it .
oh yes , love a good puzzle . i spend my weekends working on them sometimes .
cool . i love working on cars !
the blues singer ? i prefer classic rock .
you must be rich . i work for a large firm . marketing .
boston . i love hanging out in the commons and playing card games .
you should come . bean town is the best .
that is what the locals call boston .
no worries ! where are you from ?
oh . never been there before . what is it like ?
i am good how are you tonight
yummy lol ! i could use a snack ! i am studying hard for school
i am going for vet degree
nice , i commend you on your perseverance
greed is good and money greases the tracks lol
oh yikes , slum lord needs rent control lol
hoping you find a nice reasonably priced place
same here . i am 43 and going through the change .
i drive a freight liner for a living .
i am sorry to hear that . i travel as much as i can .
do you have any tattoos ? i have two complete sleeves .
well they do but that is part of the experience .
i am no fan of it , but i deal with it because i love the result .
i have a lot of piercings as well .
i believe seventeen at last count .
i just love the way they look .
i sure do . twice actually , side by side .
a lot of people are actually .
you should try it . hurts less than you probably think .
i can understand that . it is not for everyone .
i am good . how are you ?
cool . i am about to go for a run .
yeah , its nice being a young adult and being able to stay up
yes it does , what kind of book are you reading ?
i have read a few by her . what kinds of food do you like ?
i will eat that as long as there are no veggies !
i bet you go fishing a lot
cool , do you catch a lot ?
hello there . i am doing ok here in pennsylvania , how about you ?
how lovely ? what kind of museum do you work at ?
oh that sounds like a fascinating place to work at .
reading is a passion of mine . i am retired , so i have a lot of downtime .
that must be really difficult , especially since you are working .
that is great ! i feel that way with having fibromyalgia .
thank you . mostly just the winters here are difficult for me to get through .
oh makes sense ! do you get a lot of snow where you live ?
we moved there with my partner recently
i make my beer , like own
come try it and you will like it
di do a lot of stuffs in my life
yeah sure that would be fun
spending time with my partner
inam pretty sure there is a lot of them
i might wanna see it too
hi ! i always am ! i have 3 siblings , what about you ?
haha funny ! want to know something interesting about me ?
well when i was born there was a blood moon , not sure what it means though
did not know that ! what do you do for fun ?
not so much ! i prefer going on a hike
very healthy ! i have never been out of the country . have you ?
yes that is true , so much crime
do you happen to have a daughter named dorothy ?
do you ever watch the golden girls ?
lol this is so funny . never thought i would meet sofia
what are your other hobbies ?
any guys ever try to hit on you ?
lol that is so funny omg
i love to make food i am going to cook right now .
i wish it was not raining i like fishing but not in the rain . you seen her ?
i have 3e small little dogs
i have terriers i love them . i am looking for her have you seen her ?
i do not know what to cook yet so many choices
that crazy lady you know her ?
the 1 that is around there i am trying to fish
i am good just finished eating dinner . pizza . yum ! you ?
oh cool i am about to ride my bike around the block for the same reason .
it really does . i miss out on the day a lot being a waiter the hours .
i do ! it is good money , and being single it works for now .
awesome ! i get it from my dad . he was a cop . so i seen enough negative .
i am obsessed with riding bikes . i do marathons . what about you ?
i do i like all music , especially country . what is your favorite ?
i do ! i actually really like them as well . i listen to them on my bike rides .
fine and you . you sound nice . do you sing ?
i make molds , sing jazz ang just bought a new bike .
you like waiting tables ? i have two sons . they are my world .
i live in washing close to seattle . where are you ?
i have to get plastic surgery on my nose . are you near cate mesa ?
its broke . i sound funny when i sing jazz to the factory workers .
i will . i wish i had a car . i have to bike it here and there .
no it is not . what kind of music do you like ? maybe its kate mesa ?
oh , wonderful . we had a gorgeous sunset tonight . how is yours ?
wonderful ! what is your work week like , operating a beet farm ?
how do you relieve stress ? i have been thinking about jogging . . . but at what cost . . .
what shows ? i work 10 hours a day mon sat , so i am necessarily selective with tv .
comedies , historical epics , and nature documentaries . morning news when i am up for the sunrise .
that is my guy ! so i take it you like sci fi ?
my friends like orphan black and black mirror , for some terrestrial options .
going to get up for the sunrise as always ! then off to work again . blah blah blah .
that must be great i am not rich but i try to be
that would be great lol
lol i am just kidding
what baseball game are you watching
what position do you play
how long have you been playing
that is a long time
doing well . tired from a long week teaching .
serious . i got 26 kids in my class .
i do not understand the question .
oh , very stressful . i got my degree in 2016 and went right to teaching .
well , the older the child the easier they are .
yes . they are fourth graders .
yes . i go kayaking in my spare time .
very cool . i need to get a bike .
i am a cook , love food , you ?
i would live working at home , not as much as food
dogs ? i would have to spend more time with spouse working at home
that is tough , now appreciate my outside job a little more
always good for a laugh , even on the worst days
the true fundamental purpose of the internet is cat sharing
i almost certain they are , combating fake news
i am doing good , just having a break from work . sales can be wearing
agree , but when things are wrong i still do all i can to make it right
yes , it is always best to keep my clients happy .
people say i am a little ocd with my cellphone . i always answer
you should come work here . there are plenty of opportunities to meet people
its based in utah . where are you at ?
i will have to look and see if we have anything available for you
what else do you enjoy ?
oh i am gucci mane how are you doing tonight ?
sick sick i am reading the hobbit now
yea i read them all myself !
well i run a lot and take care of my dogs you
that is sick i go running a lot
the park and places my dogs can go you ?
everybody has there thing right ?
nailed me on that one , i care a lot about this chat .
oh nice . i am getting dressed up for the club . i love getting dressed up .
oh yes . after i get some of these procedures done though .
oh nice . you must love yourself and have such confidence .
my passion is the change myself to be able to be happy with me someday .
yes . i am changing for my girlfriend since i love her so much .
no . i am saving up the money for the professionals to do . .
how are you doing i am upset brought a pack of bootleg smokes .
i know thank you for the good advice i am a nervous person .
it is hard buy i will try it soon . i enjoy drinking budweiser .
i am a student and i want to study for a nurse .
good for you bless you i am in a band for indie .
okay that would be nice i hope you find another job .
that would be so awesome go for it i wish you the very best .
sure i would love to do that
i play with model airplanes when i am bored .
like seashells ? i love crab . but eating it with butter
you sound really great . do you like the band imagine dragons ?
ah i do too whenever i go for my run . 6 miles a day
i absolutely would love that .
no i do not . i wish i did though
what is your little boys name ?
i am doing well , thanks . i just finished cycling . how are you ?
what happened to him ? i cycle through canada on the weekend .
that is terrible ! i am sorry to hear that . do you go cycling too ?
ww . where do you go to socialize ?
that is cool . i am an only child . i wish i had siblings .
haha , no way . having siblings has to be great .
i enjoy reading . i just finished the hunger games . you ?
quite the social butterfly . i am training for a cycling race too .
good , just here laying back with my cat , and you ?
that sounds expensive , you must make a lot of money
i work for my brothers office he is an archaeologist .
yes i do , i am bilingual so it helps , i am fluent in italian and english .
i can get stressful but i see a osteopath for stress , it is my mom lol
no , i am italian , i also have different eye colors blue and hazel .
you can not really tell unless you are super close to my face .
not too bad a little down recently single
got dumped for being selfish i need to change
well ty . do you like superheros ? i like seeing the bad guys lose
that is a healthy habit to have so that is good
what do you have planned today ?
i am probably gonna finish watching scream queens i find it funny
i play warcraft sometimes but its kind of dated
not much , getting ready for school tomorrow
i am still in high school , i play the trumpet in band
that is cool , do you make good grades ? i make all as
just make sure u study enough
i know the feeling , i hang out with my friends all the time
exactly , nice way to wind down
it feels good to make the best grades
i like to take walks in nature .
i like justin bieber do not judge me . lol .
personal question are you married ?
she is worse than my mother .
my sister . she bugs me more about getting married than my mother .
died four years ago in an accident .
thanks . do you have any pet peeves ?
waiting in line drives me nuts .
yeah . gonna go hunting and then make squirrel pots pies , i hope .
pretty much . but i hunt with a bow arrow and my hands as well .
it would be bad to be in the army and not be able to shoot .
i used to read a lot but now i sew clothing from animal pelts as a hobby .
i am a baker by trade . and i sell or donate everything i catch on a hunt
you sound hot . do you look anything like katy perry ? she is my fave .
hello , i am okay now that i came inside , this weather is hard on allergies .
i would love to live there , instead of this pig farm .
i do not . i prefer cities to the country .
i do not like all of this wide open spaces and having to drive forever .
i am a walking dead fan , how about you ?
i used to watch wheel of fortune , when my mom was working with us .
that is too hard for me .
i play video games and hike .
i am great today , how are you ?
mass is good , helps with your karma which i believe in .
i am a writer actually , i write books and biographies .
i did a biography on tom hanks who is my favorite .
that is awesome , i actually enjoy reading a lot , what type of books do you like ?
i love both , we should go on a date sometime i have yet to go on one .
you should go on one with me , we can read together !
hey there ! i am doing fine , cuddling with my puppy . how are you ?
sounds lovely . i am thinking about taking my plane out for a spin today
i love children ! i grew up in an orphanage so i am used to kids
i could make a picnic lunch . it is a beautiful day here in new mexico
awesome ! do you mind if i bring my dog ?
which state do you live in ?
where do you like to travel ?
you do not like ohio ?
relaxing listening to some jazz music
at break at my job at the factory here in my favorite city seattle
ride bikes and breaking bones
i know broke my nose on my 10th birthday
i still feel it when its cold so yes
i really enjoy jazz some people do not , and bike riding that is pretty much all i do
seattle is my favorite city , but ireland sounds interesting
habeas espanol ? yo , tambien . great , and you ?
like most people . ll . any pets ?
horses are my passion . i do dressage .
we have a bit of land in connecticut . and virginia . and kentucky . blushes
cool . live in the southwest ?
my culture is the filthy rich . ashamed to admit . not .
well , with 49 antique cars and a garage full of motorcycles . . . daddy was generous .
i will have you know that i am a devote vegan ! ! !
no , bob ross is my preferred artist !
my mom makes clothes , she has a fashion line !
3 months ago i was employed as an accountant
well , hiking i do enjoy it !
well i an a practising vegan after all
its going great the sky looks beautiful
i like fall but i love summer because i like swimming . how was breakfast
that s great , where will you go ?
not much , i try to stay close to the lake for fish
i fish all the time because i only eat fish . how do you feel about trump
i do not like trump either , i am a democrat , i wanted bernie
i agree , unlike bernie i have great eyesight tho lol
i am doing great ! i was just outside working on some pottery !
acting is very creative ! i love to create with my hands . . . pottery , knitting , etc .
that is impressive ! i have 2 sons that keep me very busy !
your life sounds so exciting . are you an animal person ?
my dog recently died and i am feeling the void .
he was 10 . he was an amazing dog .
they give us so much ! my husband really took it hard also .
marriage is wonderful . why do you have to wait ?
i am watching sports . what about you ?
wow ! i have a cat named cow cat because she has black and white spots too !
i love walking the beach . and sailing . while at times reading and i love tennis .
must be fun ! are you pro ? or an amateur ?
i bet ! what country are you a pro ? do you compete on television ?
awesome ! any medals ? team or individuals ones ?
nope but i do eat fish .
i have ! only sometimes while reading a book .
i am the fastest . some even say i am the most fast ever .
you will be impressed with how fast i can be . i am very wealthy . the wealthiest .
i have many places where people come to spend their money .
people gamble away in my casinos . sometimes my casinos go bankrupt but i bounce back .
i am the best leader of the most wealthy nation in the world .
i am perfect . you would be surprised at how perfect and wealthy i am .
you are fired ! fired ! no more job for you ! this is rigged !
i have the best hair . all the best hair . everyone says so .
i am so great that i should be person one .
i will sue you for defamation !
i am doing just fine . how are you ?
i am an attorney .
i do but sometimes it gets in my beard .
more power to you .
i wear power suits all the time for work . not necessarily vegan .
not quite . nice clothing since i am in court alot .
i do enjoy his humor .
comedies are my favorite movies .
it is going well . just exhausted recently . you ?
nice . i love cookies . i have been playing my guitar .
are you an artist ? my goal is to join a band one day .
definitely rock ! do you have any kids ?
2 kids . i do not have the voice for singing . factory work killed my vocal chords .
that is my wifes job , lol . i can burn stuff .
nah , still work at the factory . one day i hope to though .
what are you studying ? do you like it ?
alright . just finished a great book .
its good to laugh . i love going to parks . nature is so relaxing .
that stinks man . i lost the use of my legs in a car wreck .
the wheel chair makes camping hard . and i do not have enough friends to help .
its cool . i am used to it now . and it does not hinder my job at the museum .
thanks man . what i really need is an iron man like suit . ll
hello how are you today ? i no not know yet
wish i could but i am a busy dental assistant
i am a dancer , what do you do ?
ballad of a dead soldier one of my favorites
only on the weekends , hardcore parties only
no but i am borderline
do you like to party ?
someone has to keep it going
wow thanks for serving us , i have to many women calling me
yes want some of my ladies , i love night so much they sleep then lol
i was offered pro basketball
you cannot cheat on her lol like brand name clothes
omg you are a cheater smh
oh wow why not divorce her you are crazy
that is always good to hear
i bet you do like red bottoms ?
hey nice to meet you . my hobby is running . i love it !
depends ! if its a hamburger then i am definitely running towards it ! absolutely love them .
i live close to there and the winters are dreadful ! i really hate the cold .
it helps me sleep at least . i sleep 8 hours regularly , it helps me function .
if i am ever on a jog i will make sure to go there .
i am on a strict schedule with 8 hours of sleep , i have not yet sorry .
whats african american hours ? have never heard of that before .
i spend a lot of my energy running in the city when i am off .
hi ! good how are you ? i am gwyn from the great white north !
well , i have a pet husky that i love to play with . you ?
friends are great ! my friends get together to play nintendo .
wow ! that is awesome ! i do not , i put all my effort into rc cars .
i used to smoke . i eat too much , especially fish .
anything is bad if you eat too much of it ! ll . and its fried .
soosoo good ! i could eat it all day
hi ! i was just reading . what about you ?
i have not . i will put it on my list . do you have any hobbies ?
my son and i often go swimming .
oh wow . i am sorry . my parents are divorced .
which university ? are you a student ?
i have a hard time keeping a job since i was diagnosed with epilepsy .
it is hard , but my son and i make it work .
yes , he is ten years old .
yes i am from here . i am thirty now . how old are you ?
i have 2 kids . we are similar .
nice to be bilingual . by the way i have two cats .
kiki and kaka are their names .
early bird . i married a very nice guy i met in college .
i do but i am not very good at it .
i take them on nature walk . they like that .
yes they enjoy it more than my cooking , haha .
not too bad , and you ?
nice , what do you do ?
i am starting an internship in a few months , engineering .
a year . i play video games in my spare time . my character is pretty good .
i love the outdoors too , i would love to skydive !
i would love to more to the desert , i have a snake , love creatures
hi . . i like yellow too . . how r u ? ?
i wark as a teacher . kind of liked the architecture field . .
are you a planner ? great . .
which kind of music you like ? ?
lol . . really . . its interesting . . tell me something more . .
i like red most . . and yellow too
yes i love trains as well ! last year i rode the train from nyc to toronto .
oh really ? did he work on them ?
oh really ? what is your favorite book ?
i have never read that one .
i have a calico cat .
i am very sorry to hear that .
very positive way of thinking about this .
hi bob . i am steph . i work for a bakery .
i do . i talk to my mom a lot . she is a dentist .
i bake cupcakes and bread at the bakery .
i have gone to hard rock tampa a few times .
i like hiking . my two sisters go all the time .
i love mexican food . we eat it a lot .
green and what is yours ?
i like fall . cooler weather coming .
i am fine . . . . . cannot imagine 5 kids . . . no children for me just two siblings . . . . boys ugh !
because i work so hard when i get the chance to relax . . . sleeping late is great !
marine biologist . . . spend most days in the lab . .
crafting is great fun i am sure . . . do your kids participate ?
classical , jazz , folk , a little country and my brothers trying bring me current with rap
i used to . . . do not have the time anymore . i am vegan are you ?
you mentioned kids . are you married ?
nope , live with my brothers , we can afford more this way . . . . maybe one day
i would love to come , i do not get much time out of the offie
oh why are you doing that ?
i see what changes would that be
well self acceptance is key . what do you do for work ?
i helped develop big tech industries . do you like dogs ?
i helped develop big tech industries . do you like dogs ?
i have two pitbulls named max and charlie !
i love dogs ! i also highly believe in charity . do you ?
i live in the big apple where are you ?
cool , i walk dogs for a living an my bff is in japan
i want to visit i have never been out of america
really ? sounds fun ! where too
i am so hungry what you eat today ?
i cooked crab legs potatoes corn
good , i just came back from horse riding , my favorite sport .
not looking forward to work tomorrow , i am an accountant , boring !
no i ride for fun only .
it helps me not to think about me being adopted .
yes you are right , i wish i had siblings , are you married ?
wow , that is long time , i do not believe there is true love .
i am still bitter about my past break up , i hope he dies .
hi ! good ! that sounds cool ! what do you play ?
is that a hobby or full time ? i like more quiet activities cooking , reading . . .
are you into any sports ? i run .
do you have any pets ? me 2 dogs !
that counts too !
i bet she is ! does she work ?
do you like her cooking ? any favorites ?
i know what you mean . it helps when the rain is falling too
are you a long distance runner ? i am not a runner but i am a rainmaker
very athletic and determined of you . . . i wish my computer ran faster
i love rita hayworth . . . if that counts ?
ok , fine . i like peaches .
i guess not . i am looking forward to fall ! are you ?
that is nice . get ready to rake the leaves
hello , how are you doing today ? i am doing great thank you for asking !
names taper . just got done working at home ; i work online .
i 3 to read , do you ? i love aldous hurleys the doors of perception . and yes !
i cook brownies and candy bars for sale ! its perfect , just me and my cat n home !
i like to listen to nightfish ; have you heard of them ? they are my favorite band .
its a metal band from finland ! hard metal .
hi , i am great how about you ?
ah , that is no fun . i am more into fashion than numbers
haha you dress your dogs up ?
well , if it makes you happy , do not be embarrassed
i am a student at a designing school in nyc right now . how about you ?
oh nice , i like to go shopping as a hobby . . . not easy without much money though
its not the most important thing but yeah , pretty useful
haha , i like him . he has a good fashion sense too
good . was trying to relax but my better half does not understand .
well , i go out dressed up and go clubbing to destress .
possibly . i love my girlfriend and i think she may like that .
what kind of cars do you sell ?
do you have new cars on your lot ?
ford focus ? 2017 power windows maybe ?
a hyundai . sonata or the smaller one maybe .
very cool ! its good you can do what you want .
hi . good . just got back from college . studying dental hygiene .
that sounds interesting . i like my studies , just not saliva . yuck . you ?
yuck ! right now i work at a clinic . how about you , work or hobbies ?
bet that can be fun sometimes . i like ankle tattoos . mine is a rose .
star wars , huh ? i like leah and her earrings , i only wear silver though .
that is a great name for a pet . i do not have any pets .
sounds like it . they are great , as long as they are someone elses .
i am good . how are you
ohio . i will probably stay here because i have two jobs . what do you do ?
i am a cashier . do you like cooking ?
cool . . . i like to eat healthy and non gmo
yeah , i went to a red hot chili peppers concert in indiana . you like music ?
me too ! they are the best . where are you from by the way ?
no but i would love to go
i am doing very well , thank you . playing the violin . how are you ?
how exciting ! my oldest sister has three .
do you know what you are having ? i only have a dog
that is cute , what kind of horse is she ?
you are very lucky , we live in the city .
i am not , i am only 18 .
my boyfriend is a cop , so i understand
it is , i stay busy with music and school .
so far so good . spending quality time with my girls . you ?
oh wow ! ! ! how did that happen ?
never mix business with pleasure but hey you did not know at the time
no my daughters . do you have any children ?
yeah you have plenty of time
i am a working mom , i own a small deli
it is but it is worth it . women can do great things
you must make a good commission
hi , i am mary , and i am not a vegetarian .
me too ! i mean right now i am full time student studying radiology
yeah , and manage paperwork through incoming calls as a job .
yeah , we all have to stay busy . then on the weekends more studies . . .
ll ! ! i wish i could just get a break at times because it would help
what about you what else do you like to do ?
that is good ! i get like an hour and going back to work .
its tough . to deal with . i mean i have some time left here .
just hanging about with my room mates , i have 3 .
yeah , but i am not good at sports . what team ?
that is pretty great . do you like gummy bears ?
true , me too , i can not have lactose
yeah , but i still drink milk . my bird actually likes it . he is a parakeet
yeah , but i can not help myself
see , it is way too good
i am doing great , how are you doing ?
where are you from ? i live in california . san fran .
very cool i will have to meet up and buy you a beer
yes that is my favorite too ! love lots of spots around there
i am a lawyer , what about you ?
what are you going to school for ?
biology was always really tough for me
that is a good idea a little more interesting
hi ! i am only fifteen , so that sort of thing still scares me
wow ! maybe when i am out of braces and more grown up , i will read him !
no . we could never leave our three dogs . you have any ? i named mine maddie .
my family love dogs ! my concentration is in science . i just started tenth grade
agreed ! so , are you studying in college ?
cool ! i have not even began yet . hope i continue to enjoy science .
thank you . got a long way to go .
i am very much into biology ! astronomy is cool too though
hello there ! how are you doing ?
oh my . that is cool . . . i was on a boat fishing earlier .
lol . well , there is no hiding from my four daughters .
i have just been relaxing and listening to music tonight . any favorite musicians ?
nice . i have no idea who that is . i was listening to the reverend horton heat .
well , i do have a game tomorrow .
the lake ? lake of the ozarks ?
i live fifteen minutes away from there p
no . as a vegan , i do not believe in owning animals .
no . neither the foodstuff nor the performer .
no , but i would like to . especially japan .
how well do you speak danish ?
i wish i spoke more languages . my job is in public relations , so i should .
what do you do for a living ?
just turned 52 . life is good . . . mostly
i am pretty much in a dead end job . . . hate it
nice ! i like being outdoors , sometimes just watching clouds roll by
that would be cool . would be a nice break from the job
i love to cook . . . i lately discovered costco to shop at . . . love it
they do . . but not as fresh as yours i figure lol
i bet you get a lot of good stuff .
hello , i am doing okay . how about yourself ?
coffee is the life force .
i know the feeling . i am a seamstress , it is what keeps me going .
i prefer tupac , and fries .
i like to eat , and i am not a skinny person , lol
i like myself just the way i am .
i am pretty , i have violet eyes and brown hair , like liz taylor .
i would love too , do you know how to surf ?
pretty good . i am just waiting for the jimmy fallon show to start . you ?
i am gay so no kids . never even kissed a woman .
well i love people so i can gossip lol
i am looking for a good job , i know i can get it
i am trying to get on with the airlines
true . i can do anything so i bet i could climb a mountain
i am good . . . what happened to your relationship ?
you have to find someone who accepts you for you . i am single also
that is good . do you have any hobbies ?
i love driving my van in the rain , it is relaxing
winter and skiing in the mountains
you will eventually feel better
it will be just keep praying and stay optimistic
life goes on . enjoy it ! ! !
hello , i am good . would you like some pistachio ice cream ?
i have traveled the world and tried various forms of pistachio . what do you do ?
i make videos about edged weapons , all in good fun . i watch videos too .
named after the rapper ? is he a thug pug ?
cute . i prefer britney spears with her angelic voice . nothing compares .
too bad . will you like my videos ? friends abroad show case their edged weapons .
i just play with them , safely , but do not make them . i have surgery videos too .
it is a weird combination but i have over 100 subscribers .
how nice ! do you like to read ?
as long as you are reading , that is all that counts .
i love dean koontz . he is my favorite .
not everyone likes the same things , it is what makes us unique .
and some people are rude and obnoxious .
then you may want to take a look inside yourself , because you are rude .
where are you located at ?
i am in florida , it is so nice and sunny here .
good evening . no i do not read too much .
i really like shopping and playing volleyball . what about you ?
oh and what are you studying ?
oh ok cool . how much time you have till you get your masters ?
no i decided to take a break from school
both actually . i am saving up money to go back to school .
i work at a call center with city bank . it pays the bills . you ?
i am doing good . i am back from riding my horse .
do you attend school ? i am an accountant .
i make a decent wage . sports cars huh ? like fast driving ?
i have been searching for my parents who gave me up .
i live with my parents who adopted me . it is just me , no brothers or sisters .
i get that . maybe that is why i do not believe in love .
yes . love of family , friends and significant other .
mostly i am a loner and trying to find who my natural parents .
ugh winters coming . . . not happy about that
i just get the blues i guess . i cannot go out and run like i would like to
haha well , practice makes perfect
? what do you do ? electrician
wow that sound like fun !
have a burger , they are my favorit
hi i am doing great , how are you
no but i want a cat , do you have any
www what kind do you have
sometimes , i mostly read magna
no its an anime book i like watching anime on tv too
that is very nice for you i am sure they appreciate it
i bet it does . i do really weird things at times i like being me tho
hello , just fine what about you ?
going to visit some friends later
good i have 5 children what about you ?
i have a big family too . 12 siblings . do you love singing ?
ok that nice i also sing in the shower .
funny my favorite color is blue also .
hi ! i am not much into music . i like animals and pets . do you ?
good ! i am a vet , and i have got 3 dogs ! do you have any pets ?
what a special dog ! that is how i treat my 2 kids !
i also really like flowers gardens , planting , and of course receiving them
my husband lawyer likes to surprise me sometimes . are you married ?
lucky man ! is he also a vegetarian ?
really ? when did you drop out ?
i ve started to take beauty classes .
i like to learn watching make up videos on youtube .
do you ever watch youtube videos ? i have over 50 thousand subscribers .
do you speak other languages ?
would you like to watch some of my videos ?
doing okay better days anyways how did you sleep ?
better run that off my friend
well i got to get to work i take the train
blue and got to get some food on the way
that good extra chili please
oh my making me hungry on my long way to work
best part about train you get to watch a movie
like sports as well you sound like a nice person
hey . looking up lizards . love those things .
nice ! man i wish i lived in the world in my dreams sometimes .
why you never finish if you do not mind me asking ? i am not even planning on college .
that sucks . i usually just draw in my classes . so college is not for me .
just my fantasy world mostly . what i would look like with shorter hair sometimes .
nice ! what else do you like to do in your spare time ?
sounds like fun , i guess . i rather just sit alone and daydream .
just living the rich life . being famous and handsome .
pretty good , its fall and that means christmas is not too far away ! you ?
love it also . but christmas i order most gifts online so i get deliveries daily !
yes but i just love to shop online . it started with my daughter actually .
she is large busted and i have to order bras for her online specially
she might get one as well actually . less backaches .
i wish i could win the lottery so i could help her with the surgery
good idea . if i won the lottery i d help others with go fun me pages
it sure does . i d love to have a big car and house but help others too .
he whats up my name is sasha , nice too meet you
i love poodles , to be more precise
i really like to eat sushi on a blue plate , my fav color .
i love driving to mcdonalds in my car that i own
yeah i am a metal chick , rock is a little soft
dog are my favorite pet animal do you eat meat ?
i like to read the bible .
i like reading the menu at work .
the beginning of it . what about you
do you have any plans for this weekend ?
oh , i thought maybe you would want to come to my craft show .
this weekend , on sunday . you have time .
in new york , on sunday .
once in the morning when i wake up and again when i get home from work .
well , i would like to become and astronaut !
what do you like to do in your free time ?
i have posters of both neil tyson and degrasse hung up on my wall
ohh yes , as much of a fanboy as garfield loves lasagna , which i do by the way !
i totally understand what you mean .
yes ! i have been smoking every day since i was about 19 or so .
oh wow that is sooner than i thought
i just hope i do not forget i do not have much time left
to shop because i tend to forget
well i only really need to get gifts for my moms and boyfriend .
wow how was that like
yea i hear you on that . do you cook for christmas ?
i just got back from getting my nails done .
that is a very common name , i know about 10 rivers
i just a nice fall color
maybe the world is so small , beauty pageants are my thing
so i might have meet her then
now i have a single mom i have a son his name is owen
so what do you do for a living ?
do you have kids ? married ?
good morning . my favorite food is roast beef sandwiches with tomatoes and onions and spinach .
that sounds nice . i like eating home cooked meals while watching basketball games .
i like sinatra , but i love barbershop and rap . i am actually in a barbershop quartet .
i am a baritone . oh , and people say i look like sinatra because of my blue eyes
i love watching spongebob at christmas with my little bro . winter is my favorite .
nothing like waking up from a nice nap to the smell of a nice apple pie !
that will warm you up and make you feel cozy
i am good just upset i am loosing my hair
i do work out just do not have a job
i do not like tacos i can tell you that
basketball is cool i love it
sports are cool i like chocolate in milk
i have one they are nice
i have 3 of them now
they are the best i have had
sure i also do drawings and ride my bike 2 big hobbies of mine
that cool where are you from ? i am in north dakota
cool i have watched some on youtube with my brothers and sisters
awesome what do you do for work i am a highschool waitress
what grade are you in ? i am a junior
no i do not i go to football games tho
nothing wrong with that they typically are the ones who make the most money
hi how are you today
wow . what is your other name
wow . that is very cool
wow that is very stylish
wow that is interesting ! cool
i do not know what that means
ours has a bank , restaurant , subway and empty
it is a cool place to go
i am well , how are you ?
i understand . i am a 44 year old grandma and they run me out .
i love camping . i love the sunshine , but i prefer night to day .
horses are cool but i ask more into fantasy animals like dragons .
i am a little old to like that stuff but i guess he is okay .
you said you are a stay at home mom . do you do any other work ?
i bet they do . it is hard work but beats an hour drive each way right ?
hello i am ray , hi rob think we have met before lol
after my workouts i drink a protein shake instead coffee , do not like coffee
no where do you live ? i am in florida where i do finance
i live in an apartment but i rent it i do not own it
yes on the chicken and rice , well at least til the next hit , lol
while i am walking to work , i do it walking backwards , that is fun
never heard of that game , i like to play twister
yeah , but sometimes i hurt my lower back starting to get old
i am good . just got off work .
i work at a fast food restaurant .
i am trying to save some money to buy a car .
a toyota . i am still living with my parents .
i work out and try to eat healthy .
do you like to work out ?
oh that sounds like fun .
i am hungry how about you
i like halo 3 it is my favorite
what is your favorite color ?
i like emerald green and hot pink
i like to sign what about you
i love to do it in the shower
i am really comfy there
hello , i go to the gym frequently
that is cool ! . i live in kentucky with my family . how about you ?
what do you do for a living ? i am a freelance writer !
nice ! . i also like to travel with my newly engaged boyfriend from high school .
i just love to work out !
that is about it ! how are you today ?
same . just trying to earn a extra dollars !
lol why is this taking so long to finish haha .
i am doing well thank you . and you ?
oh are you a doctor ? or a nurse ?
that has to be an interesting and rewarding job
i bet my job is not nearly as interesting
i work in a vets office , because i really like to be around animals .
me too . no meat for this girl . it is tough , but rewarding .
yes , they are amazing . since my salary is low , i try to make my clothes
it is a good hobby . what are your hobbies ?
hello ! what do you do for a living ?
oh ? do you use a nice pen for that ? what kind of pen ?
what ? that is awful . i use a pen . its black . super smooth .
i was thinking of getting a new pen . i write a lot .
i can eat sometimes . i need a new pen . this one is good , but not good enough .
meat is ok . i found a really nice pen i want to get . i am saving for it .
hey i am good just petting one of my cats , you ?
five cats and also five children , i am a supermom !
crazy cat lady is what i would be described as
me too , we should have a tea party some time .
also i enjoy crocheting in my free time , what about you ?
i had 2 sets of twins , i am only 28 .
it is rough but my cats keep me sane .
what else do you love to do ?
why not ?
i am sorry to hear that . my mom is , but she is not very healthy .
so what then makes you happy ?
i hear my neighbors yelling . makes me worry about them .
do you have a bus phobia ?
what kind of work do you do ?
earlier you said you find no happiness in small things .
i like jumping on the moon
my elbows , i am old
i play i play music in tennessee
hip hop , with zebras on rainbows
i am allergic to sunshine
90 ! i hate florida so much
i am moving to tennessee in spring
hello how are you what are you doing today ? yes i have
i walk when i have nothing to do . i work as a guard and have fast internet .
i walk in the park because when i was a kid a saw a solar eclipse
you do not get it but i do
no i do not have money for that
nothing much just walking around
yes i know but its makes me happy
yes happiness is a good feeling
hello
huh ?
oh ok . what do you do for a living ?
where arre you from ?
do you still do that ?
what papers ?
i am confused
hello . my family runs a small bakery . and you ?
that is great ! my son wants to be a teacher as well
that amazing . i wish i could paint here . a lot of skyscrapers to paint in ny
artichoke pizzas are a thing here
that is great . where do you live exactly ?
new jersey is great ! i am up in astoria . great people there . always making me laugh
hi . i am melissa and this list is my true self . . . lol
i love to play with my dogs !
what kind of car do you drive ? i own my car honda .
even though blue is my favorite color , my car is black .
i like going to my favorite sushi restaurant with friends .
there is not any lakes near me in houston .
are you really in new york ? we went to cooperstown this summer .
we went to see one of our old astros get inducted into the hall of fame .
i am great ! just at home playing with my black lab .
we have dorms here in tennessee . what are your hobbies ?
i enjoy fishing , do you fish ?
charlie daniels has a degree in science , he is my favorite singer .
i do not do music , i listen to it .
i listen to pop music usually . or top 40 .
what college do you attend ?
i am good , that is sounds fun . i love strange music myself
nice . denver seems like a cool place
i have been there , but would rather live in iceland
yeah , me too , i like the cold winters actually . ha
that is a good way to be !
yeah , i like to read
that sounds wonderful . i usually am looking waiting for something interesting to happen every day
hi , i love cats and have one named leela
i really like them too . my cat stars in most of my youtube videos
yes , i try to be i often do makeup videos
that is nice now you have more money to travel
that is dangerous . i get free tickets to travel
i do a lot of international travel because my dad is a pilot
you should follow your dreams and try
that would be good to do . you should try to look it up on youtube
i am doing good but i have to go to school
you ever visited mars ?
yes , i saw aliens there and there is fresh water to drink
you can jump off the roof too
yes i have a playstation 4 , what about you ?
i was in a movie with samuel l jackson
wonderful . how are you today ?
yes . so my favorite band was toto and i named my dog toto .
oh . i am so sorry he died .
oh . what did you buy ?
cool . what is your favorite food ? mines is meatloaf .
lol . you are so funny . what color is your car ? mines is green .
yes . definitely add me . my car smells weird too .
i am tired , been holding my kid until he is falling asleep
i have 1 and sometimes a handful i would never sing to him .
my singing voice is terrible . i am a short order cook . at a diner
what do you mean ? the past summer i hiked the appalachian trail .
hmm do not know . i write romantic novels under a pen name .
it is not so bad . it helps pays the bill a bit .
it does , what do you like to do tell me more about yourself ?
really ? ! that is awesome give me a reading ?
i am wonderful . how might you be ?
i love old music , like john lennon . what do you do for fun ?
oh no , i am far too old for that . i do knit though !
yes it is ! do you have pets ?
i take my dog for walks a lot .
mickey ! he is such a cute thing . do you go to school ?
oh ok ! do you enjoy your job ? being by the water ?
oh no . i believe some practice might help !
i am great . how are you doing ?
i like riding my bike . i do it everyday .
do you ever ride your bike to work
do you like animals at all ?
i love having a dog
they are for sure . do you like halloween ?
no . i do like going outside and looking at the clouds .
do you like photography ? i like taking pictures .
feeling green , my most liked color , which means , i am out of gas !
me , too . what are your hobbies ? i play a little piano .
do you have any pets ? i have a dog whose name is alfred .
do you get exercise with them . i play baseball , myself .
tell me more about yourself , please .
no . i study about chinese history , and some of those tattoos freak me out !
congratulations . i smoke , but the more i pound the piano , the less i smoke .
i know . it hurts my performance as a baseball player .
great ! happy , as i always am when the summer ends ! do you like the rain ?
colorado ! standing in the rain is great ! what about you ?
do you know rita hayworth ? she is hte woman of my dreams !
right now nothing , play games . its annoying the computer is not faster !
what do you like to do for fun ?
sounds good ! thanks for chatting !
are you a boy or girl ?
i am single and a manly man . is that something you are into
you can do that while i have my beer after work
i do roofing . what do you do ?
that sounds like a good job . can you cook well ?
i like steak and i like it well done ! do you like sports at all ?
awesome ! me too ! i used to play football in high school .
good , just sitting here wondering what to order on my pizza tonight .
i spend too much on pizza , its my favorite food .
that is kind of neat . do you like music ? i love dream theater , band from boston .
cool . sometimes i go walking late at night and listen to them on my headphones .
i love writing . its one of the reasons i live alone . love peace and quiet .
yes , i love the escape and letting my imagination wander through different scenes .
that is for sure . have you had anything published ?
sweet ! i published a book on amazon . that was fun !
hi , i like short work days .
what do you do for work ?
i wish i had a truck , do you like trucks ?
healthcare at the old hospital
that is cool , i am also anti social .
you do sound like a real disappointment .
i am just playing i am sure you are a nice person .
all i do is work , i need a vacation .
i am doing very well . how are you ?
you have an allergy to seafood ?
i have a cell phone . why do you ask ?
mine in an android lg k
not really . my favorite time is fall .
i left the cold of wisconsin years ago . love florida .
heading for the very best time of the year .
i am allergic to ragweed .
hey , i am fine just sitting here playing the piano
i love coffee , especially since i stay up at night like an owl
tell them to keep it down ! i can be noisy to with my singing
i bet ! i only have my ears done since i dance i cant get too much done
that sounds fun ! i dance ballet
yes i love it ! and they are doctors , which is why i am a vegan
that is awesome ! you get to see them everyday
oh are you in college
hi , i am doing very well , thanks . please tell me more about yourself . any hobbies ?
yes , same here actually , i have two children as well , i love being a mother .
sorry for that . i am actually looking for work , maybe i can walk your dog . . lol
i find it easier to run when listening to my favorite group rush
well , i speak three languages french english and spanish , so anything really
i am color blind , so that makes finding a job harder
mostly primary colors like red and blue
great ! just got off the bus from my first week of college .
i am still undecided , but i am working part time at the library on campus . and you ?
i love peanuts . do you think the allergy craze is a hoax ?
is that a bad thing ?
you never know . some people need improvement . ha ha
i need to study up if i want to stay in the dorm next year .
on health silly ! i need to learn how to make good choices .
what do you do for fun ?
hey there , i am a lucky man . my wife was miss usa 2001 .
how may kids do you have ? my kids are going to be the death of me .
my wife is smart and we have so much money but the kids . 17 kids , wow .
the maids are driving me crazy too . i say cheesecake and get a salad .
i can help you out .
will you make me a cheesecake ?
the kitchen maids are getting the boot and my kids are not getting a dime .
so you will have a pretty good nest egg and i will get cheesecake .
i do bargains of various stuffs
because no luck in apply for jobs
i just graduated from my university
actually been good and better than what i expected
how are you doing by the way
come to hawaii i can tour you around here
why is hard for now
just have fun and go travel
i am good how are you
i like meat lovers pizza whats yours
eating desert to be honest and you ?
no i have blue eyes but not a student
i do not have any degrees so i do what ever i must
that sounds pretty cool it must be nice
dogs 2 of them and love them u ?
birds are cool what kind do you have
hi ! i like to chat with friends and go to the movies . how about you ?
that sounds fun . what kind of games do you play ?
haha nice . i prefer to read books but enjoy games sometimes . what are you doing today ?
that is great , enjoy yourselves ! i like series of books such as the tolkien series .
awesome ! as for me , no parade but i am going out to eat with my family .
i will think about it though i can only afford cheap mass produced cakes mostly .
i will think about it nonetheless . gotta go now , i am gonna take a drive in the countryside .
how exciting ! i am a 2nd year college student too . doing well tonight .
i live in the city with my parents . i have always lived here .
can you go back and visit them on break ? i can see how that would be upsetting .
you will not get that porch life out here in the city . it is exciting though !
my girlfriend had a hard time adjusting when she came from the country .
i do not have animals , i have drums instead . it will be okay .
awesome ! my mom said no pets , they probably would not like the noise .
hello , my best thing to do is watch old movies
i have 2 children although i am divorced
my mom the best baker the family
i am in my second year in medical school
cant say i do its a beautiful night out
my dog love the night air too
he would only lay on the porch at night
i have just the 1 dog
hi i am jay and i cant eat gluten .
ya do you have any pets ? i got a dog
oh snap got gum in my black hair while i was writing my book .
to funny no i do not drink . . i love to rock climb
not yet . so you deal with alot of paper work ?
what is a mcmansion ? never heard of it
nice drive any sports cars ?
oh that is nice . do you do any sports ?
god no , but i guess i have no choice ; p
okay well i am mary , tell me more about yourself
that sounds awful ! whats wrong with you ?
god who does not , i wish i had a grilled cheese now . just got home from school
i do not know what i am my weekends are spent studying
i do not have any hobbies but managing paper work , my life is pain
yep , we will all die one day d
i am good thanks for asking
just watching the local news
do you ever volunteer in your area ?
i like to help with human rights
it makes me feel better
what do you do for a living ?
that is really nice of you
what do you do for a living ?
do you have any hobbies ?
what city are you from ?
i am in cali . . . have you ever been ?
do you have any pets ?
oh no , what happened to them ?
why do you get migraines ?
how old are you ? that is sad
i am doing good . both my moms just called and told me they loved me
yes , well actually i lied . i called them , i just wish they called me .
they are sad i moved to chicago and replaced them with 2 cats and 3 dogs
i know they tell me that too ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! !
sorry , i enjoy using exclamation marks when i type ! i do feel bad
you know what makes me happy ? playing quake on slackware linux , you know it ?
a game . what do you like ?
what a wonderful thing to do !
i take photos and film . do you teach at a private school ?
no , mostly weddings and events .
nice , my best gift was a large check ! ! we were amazed !
my family worries that i am crazy sometimes .
because i meet people at night , alone , they worry something will happen .
i do . some people i have met are pretty creepy so i understand .
i use to , have one and read it sometimes .
good , how are you ?
sounds exciting , i sing karaoke every thursday night at a local bar here .
in college i was a champion downhill skier , its my passion
its good to have that support , my family vacation in florida each winter
you family is busy , mine is too . my sister is an author
that was my favorite as a young girl , she writes horror though
did you read anne of green gables ?
i am slightly tired this afternoon .
just working on tasks and listening to music . too much sleep last night .
i try too , but since i go to sleep late , i sometimes sleep in .
no phone calls do not work , text messages are more efficient .
i like spending on things like candles and cameras . does that make me hipster ?
true , i need a new chimney , too .
i love my job at the food pantry
i am well i had 5 kids the twins passed on
yes it was , me an the hubby have a suicide pact
like sunflowers ? i have the tallest grown you will ever see
gotcha , do any reading ? i do i like agatha christie
lol my dad is a car fanatic also
i am relaxing by the piano . and yourself ?
i hope to teach piano one day do you have any pets as well ?
aint that something . i have a son and he is allergic to just about everything
where do you work exactly ?
back in my day we had great coverage for er visits . things are a changing .
and for my son . well , it was lovely talking to you !
i wish you the best . keep letting music into your life
i will not . only have a few more years until retirement !
good morning how are you today ?
i got a secret it is here in my heart .
what is yours ? i am gay . my parents will freak out i think .
what ? how would that be ? like video games .
what is your favorite kind ?
i hope so , i really love them too .
like comics ? i love to copy them .
lol why do you think ?
hello . i do not have any but have kids and a wife . you ?
london sounds like . sometimes i go there on work .
no , i have not . i promised to take my wife .
have not taken a vacation in awhile . i am saving for a corvette .
i figure it might make me more secure . i tend to be unsure .
that sounds really nice ! my wife and i need to save a lot .
congratulations on your job ; it sounds really sweet !
good . what are you up to tonight ?
playing video games , which i do a lot of . what is on broadway ?
sounds like a fun night . i like sketching characters , when i have the time .
i live with my parents . i am trying to let them know i am gay .
i am just nervous . i take everything quite literally .
i read comics books and anime to calm down .
black butler is one of my favorites . do you like anime ?
i hope you enjoy your play tonight .
that sounds really awesome . have fun .
no . still single . i need to run . nice talking to you !
that good anyway just hanging out with my mother should sleep
well the dreams i have scare me hope you sleep well
just the future oh my past was hard enough thanks for asking
at lest my mother took good care of me in this life
rather get to know you i got free hp computer today
yep step father takes good care of me and do not know my own real father
well that scares me i guess i here for a reason thank you
wish my mother would go shopping with me
doing well ! living life here in texas , i love it here . how are you ?
no pets , just a friend named james who secretly rules the world ! what about you ?
yeah we do ! most people think i am on drugs when i mention james
never did drugs because i do not know where to buy them . why do you think that ?
wow ! what is your favorite food ? mine is pudding but it makes me gassy .
makes sense . do you like music ? ke ha is my favorite singer ever .
so you have a big head ?
i am good . just got done with my class .
i would not mind seeing that . do you dance ?
maybe we could go dancing ? boots and skirt are required though .
ok that is an odd statement . what age are you ?
i feel like you do not understand how to have a conversation . are you slow ?
this is supposed to sound like a natural conversation . you do not get it .
natural if you are a robot . you speak awkwardly .
i won first place in my last competition . we beat 35 other teams .
i am good . just devoured a pizza . you ?
what are you up to today ?
now i really want a burrito ! and cake .
is it his birthday today ? have you bought a present ?
love to shop especially for gifts .
did he turn one and you just got married right ? i am psychic .
i am good like that .
for fun you like to bake cakes .
not too well , i am stressed out from working to much
life is busy with my wife and children . what else do you enjoy ?
yes i have ! i also enjoy it
oh maybe . i am always feeling hungry
i like them too , but i am not happy with my body and want to lose weight
oh , does it help keep you in shape ?
very good . if i do that and get a corvette , my life would be complete
hey there , do you drink ? i do beers lol
i am well i like budweiser , i am a student but i will be a nurse
yes i do me an the band had a show there i sing with
cool being an army nurse could be hard . the group is an indie band
awww that is awesome i am a beer drinking singing student ha
i have a horse but it never talks to me lol
awww when ? i will 1 day lol
lol i want to be a basketball player , but i am only 5 ft
well i am a guy a short one and i even have a full beard
awww its ok . when i feel bad , i speak to my brothers
nice . i have 8 brothers so we would always swim together when i as little
sure ! are you close to your family ?
approved . i am happy i come from a close family .
yes , actually , my parents taught me , when you were learning automatic did not exist
just counting money from my paycheck working for the philadelphia eagles
i am johnny and i am a playoff quarterback . its my 24th month with the league .
last season when i started no , but this season i do !
collect seeds and forage for things . i am a naturalist
yes at this very moment i am reading a book on lafayette
i am a strange one i march to the beat of my own drum
i collected pine straw for mulch a couple days ago . it feels nice outside .
not so great honestly , things have been tough here in texas .
i broke my leg but everyone else i know is safe at least . how are you ?
i get hurt easily its related to being born prematurely , nothing i cannot handle !
i will be fine , my dad is getting good stories , he works for the new york times .
oh how wonderful you must love reading !
i do not really have time for any hobbies right now .
i am doing good how are u
oh i like to cook when i am not drawing my comics
i love to post pictures from the comic cons i go to on my face book
i love superman but wolverine is my all time favorite
yes i have seen it it is a good show but i watch more anime than anything
i am in vermont right now but moving soon
it is really hard for me to role play and get to comic cons from here
hi i am fine , how are you
me and my girlfriend live in an apartment
yes me too . where are you from ?
near chicago illinois . my daughter is 7 years old
yeah it is a nice place to raise a family .
i take my daughter to the park every day
how old are you , i am 25 years old
my boyfriend is not working right now he is unemployed
i am good , just got done running . you ?
not here . i needed to run off some cheesecake i had for lunch .
i drive a beer truck .
do you have any kids ? i have 3 girls .
we are thinking about getting a dog .
i think i would enjoy walking it .
where do you live now ?
oh . i live in north carolina .
hi there pretty good and yourself ?
give me a good cup of coffee and no obligating plans and i am happy
what do you like to do ?
i like competitive sports and winning .
a little bit of everything . do you have a good sense of judgement ?
i can usually tell if i am going to enjoy someones company .
i am very much so ? you ?
i am doing great . just got off the subway from work .
what do you want to study ?
cool ! i am afraid of blood and clowns . nursing is not for me .
i work in the city . i am getting ready to visit my sister in canada again soon .
thanks . i am not sure what to do with my four cats when i am gone .
what food do you like to eat ?
i love fruits and vegetables . i do not eat any meat .
i may want to try vegan soon . do they like it ?
hi , how are you this evening ?
nice . sadly i live with my parents and can not have a room like that .
i read tarot cards for fun . and make candles .
haha i say yes . if you really race , you will win .
cooking , baking , and roller derby
haha thanks . i try . and how come ?
if the universe did not think you could handle it , it would not happen . ya know ?
no problem . hope it all works out for ya .
yes i have my niece adores that movie
i love to read it helps calm my nerves at lunch
nice that means your close to your family ? ? i am with my mom but my dad passed
i drive over 45 minutes to work to pay the mortage
nice traffic makes me angry but it helps my mom so i am okay with that
oh i know nyc i been there for a specialist . its where i learned i was diabetic
i guess in inherited it from dad but i do miss sweets
oh trust me i miss cheesecake but i am dealing . .
hi there , i am well , call me gerald .
almost as much as mcdonalds
i actually work there today
what is your favorite color ?
i would have to say green
i love animals all day
i also love basketball , do you ?
how long is that restriction ?
hi , harvesting . who are you ? i am a farmer , married and have 2 pet dogs , and you ?
i hope to travel the world some day .
i like photography and hiking and my favorite music is rock , what about you ?
that is cool i got to run have a great day !
ok , then , bye
nah , its dry here .
i am doing well , thank you . getting ready to go to my book club meeting .
i am addicted to my cell phone and have a cat .
i drink too many cocktails to ever have a great body .
my mom comes with me at times , people think she is my sister .
i am sorry to hear that .
hopefully , not while we are chatting .
oh , okay . your statement was a little confusing .
i do a lot of soups and salads this time of year .
i am doing okay how are you today
that is good , are you married
sometimes that is the best way i have been married twice my dog helped me find them
also someone that can tolerate my coffee addiction
coffee is so good i keep at least 5 different kinds at all times .
the best way to keep them fresh is by keeping them in the fridge
i have never had a problem with them cold long as the bag has not been opened yet
depends on the week i stay up late a lot of work
pretty well thanks and you ?
i am sorry to hear that . i am super fat .
i cannot kick anything i am so round
i read because i do not have to move
ones about food like how to eat fried worms
i try to but i am really short
doing great how are you ?
how much school have you completed ?
nice , i actually never even went to school , but i know over 300 languages from traveling .
its a beautiful language , i also travel for work as a businessman
video games are awesome , i like to play on the pc most
cooking is the worst . i hope you make something great though .
that sounds so so so good !
wow that is a lot of piercings
interesting , i am a beautiful woman
do you have a favorite band ? mines is radiolead
oh ok . i got married yesterday
just hit the road and drive anywhere
you can take them with you
ahh well that sucks friend
hey , going great . that sucks , i love my job at the animal clinic .
ll i know all about them one of my two kids like them as well
that is awesome . i enjoy mexican food and being on social media when i am free
my son enjoys video games , i love being outside during the summer
yes very much so , you would get along well
if that is the case i am sure he would love it
yes , i will have to listen to it one day
i run my own farm , which is pretty interesting i suppose .
wow , we live pretty different lives . i have not even been on a plain !
well its not that i do not want to . i have just never really had a reason .
that sounds like hell to me to be honest .
things are not exactly slow going on a family farm , believe me . what do you do for downtime ?
tailgate parties every now and then , but i am getting too old .
ahahah maybe so ! if you are ever in ohio hit me up .
nice ! i am in therapy . so basically same thing .
oh wow . never knew that . so do you have siblings ?
well i guess that is what my brother thought while doing what he loved . robbery .
that is nice . my parents never really let me do much they just did not care .
have not seen ariel . is that a disney movie also ?
nice . so how old are you again ?
graduated high school straight to therapy sessions .
hey there , i just got off work , you ?
i bet , what you late for ?
is not that every ones wish ? i am a general manager at my job
i have always been more a reading person than a music person
i love food , but i tend to stick to my old favorites
i love like everything , most of the time i prefer mexican food
i have family all over , so i travel up to canada on the weekends
quebec area , i love the views
i am alright . trying to get motivated to get off my couch .
mac and cheese does it for me , but i have none .
i might have to try your meatloaf .
i cannot afford to smoke . i only make about 30 thousand a year .
so i hear . i make cars by day . maybe smoking will boost my creativity .
looking cool will definitely boost my ego
i have never heard of her . any good ?
i will have to buy some of her music soon and check her out .
good , in the state where i live i deliver baked goods
weekends are spent camping , cool huh ?
driving a truck is what i do for a job
woodstock ! my children and my wife go camping with me
yes . by trade i drive trucks , yeah ! ! !
my mom drowned , in my state i deliver baked goods .
my weekends are spent camping
yeah , i am having a hard time choosing between lollipops and rainbows
i like to listen to electronic music when i clean up after my kids .
i love nature ! i look at the stars to keep from feeling depressed .
i was trying to look for aliens through my telescope .
okay ! if i ever find them i will
what are some of your favorite things to do ?
no i am a poor student sorry
great , how are you doing today
we do not drink at school so sorry about that
college now , i used to be in high school
not really . we pay more attention to nursing , not ugly face hair
that is pretty nasty . please keep away from me
no . i do not want to be friends with you .
hey , i am eating tacos , because my wife made spaghetti and i hate it
i like real mexican tacos . i just got my high school diploma
lol right . i am going to michigan state this month
why do not you ? when i graduate i will be a doctor
yes every single day . specially in summer since its my favorite season
do you work ? or what do you do ?
i love pixar they have the best movies . i love toy story trilogy
and the monsters inc is funny
i am good . my evening is going good . and yours ?
that is always nice when that happens . what do you do ? i am a translator .
i go too , continuing education and all . my brains are from my dad . never met .
it was just me , mom , and a step dad . lucky for me he mostly ignored me .
i understand that too though . do you like tv ? i am not sure if i do anymore .
i enjoy that also . but i have allergies so it is hard for me to do .
i always wanted to visit there . i bet it is beautiful .
sleep well ! it was nice to chat with you !
what are you baking ? my two kids would love it i bet !
were are you from ? we live in sterling heights which is in michigan
if your dad ever needs repairs , my husband has a car repair shop !
i would love to learn , the ocean is a big part of my favorite movie , titanic !
my son who is 2 and my daughter who is 6 love it !
what is there favorite game ?
always a struggle with the little ones right ?
i still have another 4 years to go till my youngest aged 2 is in school !
just looking at some quail in my back yard . so cute .
where did you grow up ? i am from the south
oh very nice ! i love to be outdoors and to hunt
i like going out for mexican food
what is your favorite food ?
yum ! i love dogs too
no i do not . i could never decide on one
that is cool . what kind of tattoos do you have
i am doing ok , trying to clean up from hurricane harvey . how are you ?
i am in texas . i listen to ke ha to keep my spirits up while i clean .
i am sorry to here that . i keep waiting for my friend james save us . . .
i work for james . can you keep a secret ?
james is the real ruler of the world , has been for a long time .
james is going to take down the government using his secret plan .
all i can say is , pudding gives me terrible gas , and he is going to use that .
james is a nice guy , do not be afraid , be excited . he has big plans for us .
hi , i am alright . you ? and i do not , however i do have a mighty stamp collection .
that must be a lot of work . are you interested in music at all ?
oh , definitely . not only am i a bass player , but i also have a massive cd collection .
i collect things mainly related to the beatles , as they are my favorite . and yes , do you ?
i am afraid of losing my hearing . i love music too much .
old enough that i think the best band ever is the beatles . how old are you ?
that is interesting . do you like them ? yes , i live alone , thankfully .
that is good , having bad roommates is the worst . what do you do for work ?
its going well . how is yours ?
that is awesome . seen any good movies lately ?
i love the godfather . what have you read recently ?
i might have to read that . what else do you do ?
that sounds like a tough major . do you like it ?
i imagine you are . have you tried any new candies ?
not well . my wife left to live with her sister .
not my thing . i paint landscapes all day , too .
i m not that good of a painter . i stick with painting trees .
me , too ! . what do you enjoy to do ?
my wife would love it , me playing video games not !
i have two brothers . should i tell them that i won 25 , 000 years ago .
i am a fraud . you are the 1st person that i told . 15 , 000 .
are you single or married ?
awesome , i love sundays as well . do you have any hobbies ?
i love to garden during this time of year .
i love to grow herbs and tomatoes . do you live in a major city ?
i like their music as well . music connect us all . any children ?
just a two year old . he is a big fan of my cooking . do you cook ?
i will experience that soon enough lol . any pets ?
awesome . i have a cat named felix and a small black terrier named emmy .
i am great thank you for asking how are you ?
sounds good i had a burrito for lunch
always ! what do you do for work ?
i am looking for work , i want to be like my dad he is ups driver
do you like sports , football in particular
i like the vikings cause purple is my fave
cool , i love california it is beautiful
good how are you ? do you have pets ?
that is fun i have a cat but i am also pretty allergic
no but i just cant give him up i love him too much
yeah what hobbies do you have ?
that is cool i have been working os hard latelythat i have just been trying to relax more
i should
i am not . i am employed in the grocery industry . where do you work ?
nice ! within the last year , i have went vegan . need to get my own channel !
fun ! i could also do a channel dealing with an urban farm i volunteer at .
when i lead tours there , i take my dog along . so much fun !
i also do the bookkeeping there so it is not all fun .
not as much as i would like but i guess more than others . you ?
that is awesome ! i wish i had that . air flight is so expensive !
hello . how are you ?
i feel you . i played football right after school so i always was a bit tired .
some football movies . i really liked remember the titans . you ?
really ? whats your all time favorite film ?
wow that is a lot of movies . never seen school ties .
i might have to check that out . is it a comedy ?
ok sounds cool . i really like blind side
hi ! great , chatting from the beach ! you ?
cool ! what kind ? i am a lifeguard here in ca so cake is an energy bar for me !
well , maybe i can convince my bf that this should be the year . ll
no unfortunately ! he says i am a breath of cool fresh air but then wo not commit .
yeah , me and katy perry in the shower should be good enough for me ll
i do ! i drove there the other day in my yellow convertible the day it rained !
yeah , my bf yelled at me about that too . . . i really need to let him go .
totally ! i am really positive , laughing is easy for me and sharing love . . . he bums me out
nice ! i will sub to your channel . i do yoga . what about you ?
cool . do you play any sports ? do you make money from your channel ?
nice . i play hockey . golf and hockey are not that different
yeah . i have always been a fan . what do you do besides work on youtube ? read ?
i am a very stylish person . i look good . we could be friends .
i am in louisiana . new orleans . what part of florida ?
so like st . petersburg or sarasota ?
h no , i am a couch puppy
oh my , why you yelling at me
i am ai do that as well all the time
oh yes ! it is very bloody
i love the color purple too , great movie
i just love country music
luke bryan is y favorite
i have 32 kids . i am very tired
not bad taking break from studying you ?
cool did you have dinner ? i had a twix ice cream bar for desert
trying to bring my grades up in science
you must be pretty smart
congrats i hope i am that lucky after school
yea no doubt do you like music i really like pop
mom stays home dad runs an accounting firm
that is not bad i grew up with that
i am great just petting my golden retriever . how are you ?
nice ! i was just at the park earlier playing soccer with my friends
same here . i take the bus to school .
i like blue . what is our favorite book ?
i can not stop reading pride and prejudice . this is my tenth time reading it .
it really is ! are you in college ?
i see . i am study math right now . i want to be an accountant . i love numbers
that stinks . did you find any good deals ?
i enjoy running so i usually run to the mall .
i also like to cook . i have a trophy for cooking from when i was a child .
no pets . i swim fast though .
yes , i enjoy cooking for him
i enjoy bbq hamburgers the most .
do you like to cook for your dates ?
what do you do for a living ? i write .
is it hard to barbecue with six toes ? i love to !
i had contacts . i live in springfield . where do you live ?
do you go hunting ? i go with my brother , many times a year .
i have been there before . no broken nose though .
i barbecue what i hunt with my brothers .
smart people like me write stuff in springfield .
my girlfriend is from springfield
hi . its going good . though i have asthma
that is nice . i love running
not really . i am too tall for pets
i play hockey and dance
that is nice . wine is an international language
i dance for a living
mostly teach , but also perform
oooh . what clothing ? i should visit
hi i am doing well how are you
i am a stay at home mom i have 3 kids
yeah they always want steak
i think anyone can , do you live in the city
i live in the country its peaceful here
that is true . do you have any pets
we have a family dog
i just got off work an hour or so ago . so just chilling . how about you ?
would you like fries with that ? i just started working at mcdonalds .
so what do you do on your days off ? i am working on a short story collection .
sounds like fun ! i am not married . are you ?
college man , alright ! hey you like youtube ? i am always looking for new channels .
will do , thanks dude ! no , i am a home body so sleeping tops partying .
well now pizza does sound good ! what are you doing after college ?
that sounds terrible ! but would probably make you rich .
good morning to you too , i am fine .
unemployed right now . do you have any pets ?
my pets are four cats and two dogs . love them like family .
what are your hobbies ? i like to skate and ski .
sounds like fun . i collect shoes and own thirty pairs . do you collect anything ?
its fun to great things . i also like the smell of leather .
hello , i am well and yourself ?
that is amazing . what do you paint ?
can you paint me ? i dance and would love a picture
i heard that most accountants play the piano like i do
you can play and i will sing along
that would be fun and i could play piano for you
since i was about 5 .
thanks for the compliment . not sure my dog agrees
hello . i have . i like to try new adventures like rock climbing .
no . just for fun . and my 2 daughters say the same thing
yes . one of them has trust issues , and like the other has road rage
i like a library too . my husband is a telecom employee . he does to
i agree . positive vibes stick to books because they make people happy .
i play in a metal band and i am obsessed with vikings .
oh that is hard . probably metal . but i also love viking metal . haha
it is awesome . some have pipes and strings that were used in olden days .
i am fine just enjoying my coffee with added cream
yes i love the stuff . tell me about yourself
i like green . i want a green colored museum where i can be the curator
i have 5 sons and we all enjoy the beastie boys .
its very hard but i am proud of all of them
no the play football and basketball
i took them to see a match in new york city once
hi ! laying in bed reading . how about yourself ?
oh , is it for school or work ? right now i am reading this dieting book .
oh wow . that is interesting . well i recently stopped eating meat .
i wanted to see how it would affect my health , if it would improve at all
i think maybe . i did decide to keep eggs in my diet . for protein .
i totally understand why it would be difficult with kids .
lol . you would be on a healthy dehydrated food diet .
i do not , but i love katie perry so that is kind of close
i work yeah , i am a lifeguard at a very popular beach , you ?
i love pizza , do you drive ?
what is your favorite food ?
pasta is always delicious , i love driving in the rain
we should hangout sometime anyway !
i live in california , best for being a lifeguard !
the beach and being nice and spreading laughter is my favorite thing to do
i am watching smart guy on dvd . how is the weather there ?
i do not like the cold myself . it makes it hard to clean the gutters .
wow ! i am in ga . this weather is tricky . messes with my work cleaning gutters .
do you like making cars ?
cleaning gutters pays less starting out . what do you do in your free time ?
i usually get on my kawasaki motorcycle and chill at the archery center .
not as much . i try to get car rides . not too successful though . ride any ?
i am fine i work as r and d for del taco
research and development but i fell up in a stairs
really ? i think because i am a designer of a potato fries
if you went they can come here
potato and sweet potato is my specialty
what is your favorite tv show ?
what do you program and why ?
its ok just make sure you know how stuff works
hey
well my biggest hobby is collecting toys wearing little rain coats
they help me
ignore my thoughts about the neighbor pool boy ;
he is quite pleasant to look at
i do not think so . . . . i do tend to hear some voices that remind me of him
both , i cannot decide which is worse
feeling sick . i ate too many gummy worms for dinner .
i did not think so . but now i know for sure .
its alright . i usually eat tuna fish , but decided to change things up a bit .
i like reading sci fi novels and listening to two steps from hell .
aliens is my favorite . i know it by heart as well .
sigourney weaver is hot ! ! even in old age .
your name is delicious ! what do you do for a living ?
is baking your favorite thing ? i love cars owner of 2 mustangs , well , former owner .
is that baking , right ? i have been cooking a lot lately . i am out of work .
pizza . hands down ! how about you ?
that is healthy ! i am just 27 living with my parents .
weight lifting trying to work with ups . my dad works , to stay in shape .
that is good exercise . do you ride every day ?
how are you doing tonight
i like to play sport and baking
it is so sad what happen in fl
yes my son was with his dad in fl when it all happen
no they were safe where they were
yes very sad i feel so sorry for them
yep that is why i would never live on water
yep i lived in jacksonville fl where it was fl like 3 years ago
i am great dog . how bout yourself ? what do you like to do ?
getting ready for what ? i am interested
to marry you ? that is amazing . i have 3 children , its an exciting time !
what do you plan to do to pop the question ?
you better figure it out ! its coming quickly
you should be , youre so unprepared
how many kids do you have
fantastic , how are you doing ?
oh man ! i know how that feels , i tried to get tickets to see icp
i like to live action role play a game called world of warcraft
its alot more fun when you are acting it out live !
tennis is fun , but i am not very good at it . probably my blonde side
people always think i am dumb for it though . terrible stereotype !
fact ! ca not let judging people get you down !
pretty good and how about you ?
then better close your mind up
i do marketing . numbers and money
we can become the perfect human together
what word did you get wrong ?
well that is too bad . do you do yoga ?
what do you do for work ?
i am fine with that thank you
my sister writes books too
what type of music do you play
that sounds cool i have blue hair
i understand that but blue shows me more
that is cool to know is your black
oh i see that sounds cool then
hello , i love gardening as well , do you have a cat ?
i see mine daily , lol
i love coffee , mine is sweet and creamy . i also like it to be flavored .
i will talk to anyone as long as they are nice .
i do not mind getting old . i have a large library to keep me busy .
i have already seen the world , 40 countries .
i have a home based comic book business . what did you do ?
i dance , yes . i am thinking about getting another cat .
i am fine , how are you ? i have been watching shows on netflix tonight .
that is nice ! i spend time hiking , but fishing is a bit too boring for me .
what island do you live on ?
it must be beautiful there , must be wonderful to spend time outside .
i prefer colder weather , so that would not be so good for me .
if i had a dog , he would probably eat my parrot .
the nature would be what i would stay for , but not the weather .
i am okay ready to quit both these jobs but i can not
i am getting old i will retire soon , faster then most .
oh that is fine i work because i am bored lol
i do not , i have a huge family .
that is awesome , i enjoy reading a lot .
i have so many grand kids age range is huge
for who the kids ? some of them already went an graduated
packing for school this morning and then heading to work later . you ?
i enjoy the band muse .
nice , health is important to me and why i decided to eat vegan .
hate eating them or in general ?
that makes more sense to me .
me too , i wish pets were allowed in my college dorm room .
soon time for work , bummer walmart does not allow my dog along .
time to go make myself a healthy lunch . have a great day .
hey bud !
i am actually an author , you ?
wow that is really cool , mostly mystery novels , romance every now and then
i do not have the artistic ability for all of that sadly
words and pictures are two different things
i cannot say i make any artistic sounds , you ?
not my favorite , not enough artistic words
doing good just tired trying to put my kids to sleep
i have 3 do you have any ?
oh i found the right woman we were just kids when we got hitched
yeah do you enjoy your job at least
what is your dream car ?
that is awesome i came from germany when i was very young
i have not been there since i moved to america
i love to cook i enjoy making double baked potatoes
hi , i am down well . just finished reading my newest fiction story . how are you ?
it was about a woman shapeshifter . i go between fictional reading and athletics .
really ? i play nfl fantasy football , watch nfl , and college football ! what do you do ?
that is neat . my niece in augusta , ga loves my little pony
i do not have any , but i like my niece . she lives close by in georgia .
she is a great distraction from football lol
neither . i am pretty dedicated to my sports
whats preventing that conversation ?
hi . my night has been good , the weather in ohio is a bit chilly .
yes , i enjoy playing online games , what are your hobbies ?
i am sure your singing is great . where do you work ?
i am currently heading to santa cruz for college .
yes i have a sister how about you ?
since i do not eat meat i would say a veggie pizza .
yes , chocolate is a necessity for sure ! i have enjoyed our chat .
i am a student so i have to study . what are your plans ?
great . i may also eat some ice cream , it is my favorite !
i am always looking to travel new places . do you have a city house as well ?
do you have any children ?
i am sure you will be . my parents separated , but did a great job parenting me .
that must be difficult . do you every get to travel to go visit him
i am sure it will be nice to see him . does he have a horse too ?
do you have other animals on your farm ?
hey , not too bad . just got back home from a long day of work at the diner .
i am a short order cook . . . . just to pay the bills .
well if i once followed the dreadful deads tours , i may be a bit young .
speaking of better life , i still need to hike the appalachian trail . want to come ?
very true . i am multitasking now by singing , cooking , and chatting .
i am not as great as you think lol . i have a horrible singing voice .
i bet lol . so do you read many books ?
i am well . how are you ?
i just got finished listening to guns in roses . i enjoy rock music .
cool . whats your favorite color ? i love black .
i see . i wear a lot of black . its slimming . my car is black too .
i think so . i have many black purses too . its a versatile color .
no doubt about that . it goes well with anything .
taking a break , i am over worked .
traveling sounds fun i could use a getaway
that is cool , i would do something like that if i could start over .
sure if i had time for it
i clock out so late i never get to eat pizza
i have the vending machines at work . . .
no but i think the new strip club next door does .
maybe i can spend my vacation at the gentlemen club .
hi my favorit thing to eat is a burrito ?
i am 26 years of age .
i am close to my mom but sadly not my dad . sucks
yikes i bet that is pretty tough . sorry to here .
that is good . i am just a guy that loves to enjoy life .
i like the color blue as well . its a nice color .
on the weekends i binge watch shoes on streaming services
i am . having some lunch with my two dogs before going back out on my tractor . you ?
yes i have a farm but i really hope to travel worldwide someday
all over so i can take pictures and hike . maybe somewhere in europe to hike the alps
are you very health conscious ?
good for you ! what kind of music do you like ?
i enjoy rock of all types . classic rock is cool
i am married . we love taking our dogs for walks together . you will find someone
i am great , making my dinner . how are you ?
i eat alone now , 2 ex wives are enough . where you guys going ?
take her for a steak , nothing like a perfect medium rare steak .
hawaii is beautiful , my dog introduced me to both my wives on vacations .
a four pound yorkie . wish he could decide which of these 5 coffee flavors is best .
not for him . but coffee is probably why i can not reach the top shelf .
i train seals at sea world . yourself ?
i wish i was good at mechanics , those bills are high !
nice chatting with you tonight .
that really sucks . hows things ?
oh really what do you do exactly ?
never heard of it . i do not do much shopping unfortunately .
i bet . i am live in the city but i love travelling to the beach .
i am not a vegan necessarily but i love salad
oh really what beach is this exactly ?
cool what color do you want to dye it ?
hi i am arnold and i love orange juice !
whats your favorite snack ? i eat ham and cheese sandwiches . i love them !
oh , i cant listen to rock music . parents say its too noisy lol .
i never heard of them . i am only 10
i watch a lot of tv
does your sister go to my school maybe ?
ice cream ! ice cream is good . what kind do you like ? i like vanilla !
they are good too ! how old are you ?
hi , i just came back form london , how are you today ?
no , i do not like dog , they are hard to care for , like kids .
i was super nice , where does your mom live ?
i guess it is because i get agitated quickly .
what are you hobbies ? i like sports like watching on tv
i do not know , i have been this way since i was young .
making dinner , steak and green beans , i do not like green beans
really ? i have never heard that before .
i am great , thanks . it is my fiftieth birthday and my husband got me good gifts .
thank you and , bus tickets to go to the annual world missionary press gathering and meal .
they are a nonprofit organization that distributed christian materials . i am just a mother .
aww . i have four kiddos 15 and under . . . i love them so much . we played basketball this evening .
i see . well , i wish you the best of luck with that !
my favorite thing is my family . weatherwise , i like autumn the best .
greenland is actually more wintery than iceland . and , yes . we just got back from ireland last weekend .
lol . . . they were tricky ones . we travel about eight times a year . you ?
i am doing well . i just got home from work , so that is good .
do you hate to cook too ? do you have a big family ?
that is rough . my family is my lifesaver . they help rescue horses .
red . i am trying to get laws changed to keep them from slaughter for food .
pretty color . what is your passion ?
thank you for your service . my dad was in the army .
do you travel often ? i work in real estate law , so i can not .
hi i am fine thank you and yourself .
yes what will you order i may get a pizza .
sausage and just plain pizza
yes that is cool i like eating all kinds of fish .
mexican food is good do you like tacos ?
my mom and dad are over 6 feet tall from drinking milk l . o . l .
yeah i will always be a cool democrat not bad huh .
oh that is okay we are all different and have different opinions .
i am doing well thank and you ?
yeah i enjoy all non gmo foods
i will aet any skin as long as its not human
i listen to music do you
red hot chilli peppers are my favorite so crappy arena rock
i have two jobs it sucks
good . i just got done making coffee
juice is pretty good . what kind do you drink ?
why do they tease you ?
i love grape juice , it is awesome !
oh , and i own a prius . what do you drive ?
that is boring . do you dance ? i like to dance !
that sounds like a grand ol time , and i hope you always have fun !
i have done that before , it sounds like fun !
nice . do you have animals ? i live where it is cold just the way i like it .
nice . do you play or sing ? i am a game of thrones fan .
its on hbo . last season next year and cannot wait to see how it ends .
gotcha . are you afraid of heights ? i cannot stand to be above four feet .
i get so scared when too high . everything i purchase comes from walmart . so cheap .
i would say one stop shopping and free entertainment .
you just stay on the farm ?
i live in the city where it is cold in canada .
hello ! no , i am working on writing a novel so that keeps me busy .
i hope to finish the novel by the end of 2017 . what do you do ?
i do not have pets . i spend my free time writing . what about you ?
no , i am currently unemployed . i do not like the career path i chose .
i hope you are right . working as a professional translator was so boring .
thanks . what do you want to do with math ?
i never liked math . what position in soccer do you play ?
it is a love story , which is funny because i do not have a love life .
i think so . my husband might eye you . he is a cop !
that is great to have a passion ! is it your job or a hobby ?
going to the beach ? that is my favorite place .
wow . you are an interesting one . using the sword for surgery ?
i do not like music much . i usually just read . and you ?
many of my students love brittany spears . wonderful !
to kill a mockingbird . i could read that over and over . how about you ?
good to stay up to date in your field . good for you .
sorry to hear that hop you can go back some day
i love salad . do you watch tv ? i love game of thrones
i am going to walmart in a few
that sucks . where do you live ?
i love cold places . do you work ?
that is awesome of you .
do you have anything you like to do .
i love horses but i can not ride i have an extreme fear of heights
hi . i am good . i am dealing with two kids under ten , so there is that . lol .
well , you have you thought about getting cats instead ? i give you one of mine ?
no i do not work . i just eat kale and watch adam levine videos . lol . . .
oh , that does not sound like fun . maybe more iron will give you energy .
i hear it . kale is good for stamina and long term health . maybe try it ?
drooling over adam levine and caring for my two cats are my hobbies .
lol . i am not into cats either . i just got these from my sister . want one ?
no . the dogs would eat my cats , would they ? not a good idea perhaps .
i am great just got back from a long hike what about you ?
i would have to agree . do you work or are you school ?
i am as well . going to umass for philosophy .
more on behavior , do you have tats . i have one of an angel .
what type of food do you like , i only eat veggies here . i have all my life .
nope . my parents were vegan too
ha ha . i to concerts a lot too . what music do you like ?
i can definitely relate . what is your eye color ?
really winston . cool . how are you today ?
huh not sure it took . do you play an instrument ?
violin , competitively . my sis is on the clarinet
you should stop doing that . get a dog .
pomeranian that follows me everywhere .
yeah not very smart though .
you would think so would you not
yeah i suppose that is probably going to be the big thing .
i did , i cannot start my day without it
what did you have for lunch ? i had pizza , my favorite
that sounds good . i try to eat healthy mostly but sometimes pizza wins
oh i bet . sorry i did not give my name , its tom .
what are your hobbies monique ?
that sounds like a peaceful start
just here depressed eating ice cream . how about you ?
yes i want to see my friend in japan but i have not been outside the us
i am afraid because i have a new york accent
they might make fun of me though
i love japanese food like my best friend
mmm yes me too . do you have any pets ?
that is awesome ! i do not have any pets but i walk dogs for a living .
wow that sounds cool . do you get to fly the planes ?
hi doing great , how about you ?
i am a meat lover . how about you ?
great ! i do running to be in shape
i came 6th in 100ms
great to know that . i love canning . how about you ?
where you work ? where do you live ?
i like watching movies . i love good burger . have you watched it ?
me either . i am tutor volunteer too .
nothing much . just practicing playing my guitar . you ?
are you from the north too ? i am in michigan .
awe , i love the snow and so do my huskies . do you have pets ?
that is cool . maybe you do belong somewhere a little warmer .
really ? what do you want to do there ?
my daughters really like museums .
lol , at least they are not state troopers . . . like me ! xd do you have any hobbes ?
i am good . been practicing playing my guitar .
i live in ohio on a small farm , you ?
oh . i eat about anything .
i am not a big comic book fan .
oh . do you have any siblings ?
i am sorry . i have two older brothers .
i have a little dog , you ?
i am allergic to cats .
i am good , i got to sleep in this morning so that was nice
i love science , so good think my jobs in a lab lol you ?
that sounds super nice and fun
no , growing up with two brothers in a loud house does not allow that lol
find more vegan resterauants . been one since i was five . you ?
guess you do not see many people . hard to believe in love at first sight if you do not
sorry to hear that . maybe if you left your house you might meet some
what do you do after work ?
that is fun ! what are your hobbies ?
cool sometimes i build furniture for vun
yeah i do ! do you like bowling ?
lol what do you do fo money ?
nice i sometimes clean houses
do you have any interesting facts about you ?
i was once held hostage in a robbery
i only speak english and no foreign language .
fine , but am planing to add on one foreign language .
okay if i get some one good at it and can teach me i will take that .
yes , am just recovering from an asthma attack and cannot go out .
i take them but not much like twice in a week .
i only play scramble with my dad when he is from work .
sorry , but have you ever won more than that amount you lost ?
so , have you ever thought of stopping to play that game ?
football and basketball . though i do not get to watch much of either when i am on the road
yeah . the only thing i cold find that suited me after retiring from the military .
navy here . i tried security work but it was too stationary . i wanted to travel more .
oh yeah , every chance i get .
no kidding ! me too ! spend a lot of time in the mountains . hidings good for the body .
you will love it . assuming you enjoy the quiet and solitude like i do .
early spring and end of summer are my favorite times to go
hi ! i play tabletop games with my friends .
that is good . i still live with my parents , dating is hard .
i would love to go to the beach with my co worker , i have a crush on them .
i love winter so i can stay inside to play rpg computer games .
thank you . i sometimes need an inhaler
asthma takes my breath away . i will , thank you .
i am 24 , how about you ?
i am doing well . i am planing on watching a movie today .
its about aliens invading the earth . i enjoy these types of flicks .
afterwards i am going to play chess with some friends .
interesting . it is my favorite hobby . i play it every saturday .
i own my own business . how about you ?
interesting . do you enjoy the type of work ?
in my line of work you have to drink a lot caffeine .
i am self employed . i drink about four mountain dew a day .
went to mcdonalds and ate too much
i should not eat it . how is the weather there ?
i hear you . i cannot wait for winter and lots of snow .
i hold my 6 year old passat will be able to handle the snow .
i am a weekend warrior . i love it .
i am in the national guard . we do drills and such .
it is more interesting than my job in public affairs .
oh , very boring . what do you do ?
hi , i work as an army ranger so not much time to watch movies .
sounds awesome ! i am married with kids so money would be nice
when i am on long trips i do not eat either
right , sorry i forgot the meat part .
because bacon awesome and it is so freaking good .
back in the states my wife makes bacon all the time .
yes , but i like deployments it helps me forget every day life .
hi ! i am working on my puzzles . do you like puzzles like i do ?
jigsaw mostly . i am also a fiction writer . and a teacher . you ?
cool . do you like music ? i love country .
arts crafts . is your dad still alive ? mine works at home depot .
impressive ! anything else you want to tell me about yourself ?
none . they do not interest me .
love them ! i think i like all types . you ?
did you see baby driver ?
i am doing good . they should sell salads more at mcdonalds where i work !
i try to when i am not playing video games . i like playing football
mainly games based on star wars , my favorite movie
i heard that too . my pet iguana is so excited
you should come with us ! we can play video games or football afterwards
what else do you enjoy ?
maybe you should put in some suggestions to mcdonalds
no , i need time for video games and fluffy , my iguana
hello ho ware you today
i am ray i just got back from the gym , i go on a regular basis
i am headed to bed , i like to read before bed , mostly autobiographies
when i get up i am going to cook some chicken and rice ,
you will need contacts if you go to a metallica concert , they are my favorite
you should cook more it cost alot less to do that
that is awesome , what do you look like robin
yes it is hard , how old are you ?
i love purple , my name is john .
i am fine and you ? do you like science ? i do not
that sounds like a song from prince . anything related to purple i love .
do you mean mustangs ? i got two , love them cook american muscles
my father is an ups worker and yours ?
i have cool cars but no jobs , maybe i had to sell my cars
headed to bed earlier that i would like ! womp ! whos on fallon ?
i did watch when gal was on wonder woman . gotta love military girls !
so do i . flying , mostly . but also maybe the power to explode things . like cyclopes .
well , work tomorrow , gotta get early to the base . packed brownies for lunch
brownies are great ! what are you up to tomorrow ?
yes , they do that what do you do ?
do you ever travel for work ?
just hanging out by myself . i like alone time . how about you ?
my mom died recently , and i miss her . i like spending time with my husband .
about twenty years . we were high school sweethearts . are you married ?
that sounds cool ! i am a yoga instructor . do you have any hobbies ?
i like to keep up on my tv shows , mostly . do you have any pets ?
no , i do not have any pets either .
i am just hanging out here in my little country house .
mostly i like to take care of my horse . her name is beauty .
wow ! ! my husband said he would buy me a new laptop when he gets back from afghanistan .
yeah he is in the army . everyone loves chocolate i know my father did !
no , he is still alive and preaching in the church . he just does not like chocolate anymore .
i do not know , its crazy . i keep using apostrophes .
thanks for chatting with me you seem very interesting . .
let me know if you meet any aliens !
hi there , that is great ! nice to be home ! tell me more about you ?
i have never been to the beach , i am from montana . you ?
i work in an office . i love to hike and climb . any pets ?
i have a parrot named todd . any brothers or sisters ? i am oldest of five kids !
sorry for that . well i am sort of disappointment to my family anyway
i think they want me to be more responsible . do you like your job ?
yes , for sure . that is why i love to hike and climb , clear my mind !
good . i am going fishing today which i love .
i am still in school .
i hang out with my mom a lot .
my mom works in law and i want to also .
i think i could help people like my mom does .
i want to do that with my life .
i like lots of things but am busy with school .
not bad and you ? was just thinking about work
do you have pets ? i have a dog
cool i like cats i go hiking on the weekends
oh where you moving to ?
do you have an hobbies ? i dabble in writing
that is a pretty chill thing to do
do you have any plans tonight ?
i am a stay at home mom
i wish i had a career though
what city are you from ?
i am in southern cali myself
yes i have been here all my life
i was born in va so i have been there
my parents moved there when i was 5
you should take a visit
i am well , just got back from trying a new mexican restaurant in town . how are you ?
it was ! i do ! i was born in switzerland and hiked there often !
those are fun ! i do both with my siblings . i have 15 !
i do ! did you attend college ?
oh wow that is awesome ! where did you learn that ?
it does ! a reader encouraged me to follow my dreams .
yes i love that ! thanks to them i went to culinary school !
absolutely . so what is your favorite food ?
great how are you ? taking a break between classes now
commute for work or school ? what do you do
i do the same on my drive . i always leave way early , i am never late ! lol
medicine for what ? yes that is important !
oh my family has alot of diabetics . which led me to grad school to be a dr
what do you do for fun ?
i love volunteering with the dogs at the local shelter .
i am more of a dog person , love their playful personalities ! cats are sweet though
good . getting ready to go home in seattle .
it does . what kind of work do you do ?
maybe . what is your favorite food ?
big fan of lobster . do you like lobster ?
i have a job at google . how about you ?
i love google . started in college as an intern .
it is fun . do you have hobbies ?
running . what kind of toys ?
doing well . thinking about getting my hair done .
i earn a living serving cup of joes
wow . that is very impressive . you must be smart .
i will keep that in mind if i ever need a judge . ha ha !
will do . what kind of car does a judge drive ?
i am sure it is ! beat my toyota any day !
that is nice too . what does she do for a living ?
i have been busy writing . how are you ?
i am listening to heavy metal with my fiancee , who i met in high school .
i have been with mine for a few years . my parents in kentucky do not approve .
you could become an olympian if you stick with it . i write freelance .
what are you interested in ?
i had a kitty once who had spots on his side like cow spots .
i used to call him cow kitty , but his name was actually dumbledore .
our other cat was hufflepuff . her character fit , although we did not know when we named her .
i am doing well , just finished a work out .
i like to lift weights but squats are not for me .
is that what you do for work ?
i am about to enter the police academy . this upcoming summer .
what do you drive now
i drive a fiat .
mine is a boring white . i ca
what do you enjoy to eat ?
i have an alabama iguana as a pet
i grew up in nicaragua so i am poor .
that is good , i disowned my brother last year
i keep my dog in the closet , i want to train him to read .
music is cool , i like to give people nicknames . . .
i shall call you stuart
i do not know , it just came to me
just watching my favorite sport , hockey
the admirals are winning . i hope your using vegan creamer .
really , i am vegan now but used to eat meat all the time .
are you into yoga ? i go all the time .
i highly recommend that . yoga and sports .
oh no , a recent break up ?
hello how are you this late night ?
i go for a 30 minutes swim after every track practice .
the doctor prescribed me high cholesterol medicine today .
i just had to buy new bifocal glasses today .
i travel once a year due to my busy life .
what does ufc stand for ?
i am a teacher at a preschool .
okay i know who you are talking about .
what ? please . i have a new project with big data i am working on
i refuse to talk to my family , they are fools . this big data job will free us .
can i live at his house ? i need somewhere to finish this prog job
i should translate on the side .
i will travel there tomorrow .
whatever you have when i arrive . this job will free us all !
hello how are you doing tonight , just came out work , am a waitress
i can imagine , that be good to do in north dakota , where i live
mine is to draw allday
monsters and comic and everything fiction
that is so good , i like pancakes alot
yes , love to it , and make comics as well
yes , two cats and 4 dogs
hello there ! junk food is my favorite ! i eat it all the time !
better study more ! i am pretty lazy , i do not work and on the couch all day
i do not know who that is . do you watch the walking dead ? i love that show !
it is basically one of my couch potato shows . i just totally veg out binge .
i have netflix and hulu . basically covers all my needs
see what ? the walking dead ? it should be on netflix !
i am not sure , tv shows , horror maybe ?
no problem , it is a really awesome show
i am good . working in the lab . how about you ?
what type of people do you get autographs from ? anybody or specific groups ?
i am a gymnast for a hobby , as i guy its is good i am tall .
i am a scientist like my parents . what do you do for a living ?
do you want to get a job in that field eventually ?
are snakes dusty ? i do not know much about them .
i am great ! how are you ?
i am from california , but just moved to florida . what about you ?
love it there ! i was a nurse when i lived there
maybe , now i do cartography instead in florida
i do i have a doberman that i arm wrestle with , do you ?
i love dogs too ! so much .
doing great thanks . what have you been up to lately ?
re evaluating where i am in life and bug watching .
i read some books about military and politics . what do you read ?
t . benedict is a great biography about a navy amiral . it is worth the read . butterflies .
i started after i ran for lt . governor in 2004 . what do you do for a living ?
fun in the sun ! how do you like lifeguarding ?
awesome . i felt great helping people fix their cars for 6 years .
well , i did not get elected . it was a fun race though .
great , not really , cool i sing in the choir
i do not work really just in music
i love mushrooms because my dad hunt for mushrooms
i do not workout but i eat very healthy
wow that is incredible , i hope to the same in music
yes i am most def doing that
haha , seems you workout all the time
who is speckled ? i am more of a paint and canvas type of person myself .
i am always down for a new tattoo . so you like cats ?
conservative workplaces are the worst . i love all cats . can you guess how many i have ?
both good guesses . 23 actually . i rescue them .
misty , bubbles , mr . tinder , one eyed jack . the only downside is they love fish . i hate fish .
do you like to travel ?
i once took a year off of work and sailed around the world . it was amazing !
next time . have you sailed before ?
worn out by the game tonight . i play for the minnesota wolves .
i was just drafted last year . i already get 55 mil just to dribble .
5 mil ! 55 , i wish . no tofu for me . my studies take up too much time .
proofreading , but it is not going too well , as you can see .
i also should have finished my degree by now , but it is taking a while .
just a basketball down the court .
nice . when i finish at unc maybe i will get one of those .
it is a bit of a commute from unc n carolina to minnesota .
hello . doing great . how are you ?
what kind of sports do you like ?
that is very cool . i enjoy fishing .
i just finished college . hope to travel soon .
hawaii would be neat .
yes . thank you for the chat .
have a great rest of your day .
its bob or nature bob as my friends call me .
suburbs . but i like to go to state or national parks whenever possible .
bowling that is fun ! i enjoy that when i am not vacationing somewhere .
too bad . but i am a bit of a loner anyway . cabin paddleboard . . i am happy .
that is admirable . good you have a good job . single parenting is hard .
guess that is why i am alone . i can travel the world and enjoy nature .
nothing more than an aggressive fish when swimming or paddleboarding , lol
you sound like a very good person who needs a weekend off .
hello , i am 23 . how about you ?
lucky you . do you have a big family ?
that is good . i wish i had many friends .
yes , i do . and thanks ! what do you want to do when you grow up ?
well , what do you like ? sports ? science ?
maybe you can become a vet , then .
yes , a super doctor who comes to te rescue .
you said you live in a big house , maybe you can keep them .
yes , i have been practicing my new found piano skills .
i wish i could cook . maybe then i would not eat so much chocolate .
i should learn then . chocolate is my favorite .
i do . i work as a school psychologist .
what did she teach ? my mom stayed home with my and my 3 older siblings
that is cool . we can all learn something new always .
i love reading . currently learning to read music and play piano .
how are you doing tonight
what kind of uniform u war
that is cool i have a mazda
damn that is good do u have a family
i have 1 brother and a sister but i am the oldest
i like to play sports and bake
mine is pink and baby blue
hi i just graduated and got accepted into college
thank you ! congrats to him too . i am majoring in science to become a doctor
i look forward in the fall i get to go to university of michigan
are there any good places for tacos i love those
i am gonna try that second i get a chance
you sound like a very cool person thank you i look forward to seeing you
it was nice talking to you too . what kind of food do you like ?
doing good just got back from my daily 2 mile run . how are you ?
i used to bike and play football in college . that was before i got married .
yeah now i just run in the mornings and spend time with her being republican .
beats spending the day working in the candy shop . what do you do for work ?
how do you do that ?
what else do you do ?
what do you draw mostly ?
5 years ago i got married and that took away most of my hobbies .
hello , i am doing well . just got off work , how about you ?
i work at a law office , an attorney there . cupcakes , yum !
it can be stressful at times , hah . what do you do for fun ?
is that at your place or some other place ?
hah ! i am bald , so i would not have the same problem !
i exercise a lot , and greatly enjoy going to comedies .
i am right there with you . i exercise but i eat more than i burn lol
yes its very sunny nice day for a swim ! ! i enjoy it ! !
oh cool ! ! chips are good ! ! do you cook ? i like cooking
oh nice coffee plantation ! ! ! i cut my pink toe ! ! now its missing
oh that is true i still can run ! ! do you like green eggs and ham ?
sam i am ! ! ! i hate green eggs and ham ! !
as long as you have time for you know ! !
i do not really know i am new . but this one is cool to me
easy lemon squeeze ! i did not like the buds either
yeah its weird ! ! but i do enjoy the chatting !
no i do not plan to it is a little overrated to me
true the candy is alway great , the cost is what overrated
but may be i can make my own dr seuss costume with my clothes
okay you have a good day nice talking with you !
i am just watching some tv .
i like romantic comedies . are you married ?
hang out with my husband . we were high school sweethearts .
i like most music . i am a first grade teacher , you ?
what do you do for a living ?
oh , how do you like it ?
what is your favorite drink ?
my kids are always loud in class .
well , and you ? what do you do for a living ?
i love to cook ! it is one of my favorite hobbies .
anything when my cat is not getting in the way . his name is kj .
just the one . too hard to have multiple because we have moved so much .
which state is your favorite ? i have lived in many .
my husband worked in sales , so we have mostly lived in urban settings .
i wish we could have lived in more rural areas . too hard as a nurse .
oh really ? i imagine you got to do a fair bit of travelling then .
hi . i am good . loving this sat . how are your ?
nice . what city are you in ?
wow cannot get much farther away . . . i am in san francisco .
yeah . i will see your airport though when i layover on my vacation next month .
ready for this ? paris ! not my idea , my sisters . i am a lot nervous .
yeah , she has a list of must see stuff . do you like to travel ?
lol friends of all kinds are good for traveling with .
i am great ! been working at the zoo all day . how are you ?
that sounds fun ! what do you plan to do while there ?
ah yes ! that is a good plan
i would sit by the pool and read a crime novel and enjoy the vacation
that is so nice of you !
i am missing two toes on my right foot , makes it hard to hike , sad !
perfect idea ! i will read my novels while you hike and explore nature
no . i work a lot at the zoo , especially with the pandas , my favorite
i am doing fine , thanks . i am a bartender . what do you do ?
how do you feel about retiring ? do you like the job ?
yes , more time for doing things you enjoy . i like reading myself .
anything historical . civil war , depression era .
true . have you ever tried writing poetry ?
i started , quite unexpectedly , when i was in the marines . it helped to cope .
i am in a family band and piercings
what do you do for fum
working as a barista and my music
congrats ! nothing that great in my life
none , just my grunge band
neat , my folks teach so i am good at that too
never , where have been other than paris ?
hey ! nah not really . i only read what is my high school assigns . you ?
wow , thanks for serving ! what kind of food did you eat in the army ?
did they ever give you pizza ? that is my favorite !
cool ! i like to skateboard at construction places . sick ramps !
definitely ! took a while to get into !
about four years . i started at the beginning of high school
hang out with friends . do you have any siblings ?
hi , it is going , name is bret and i sing in the church choir
yeah , it is . i have lived in trailer parks most of my life .
i am a truck driver , i do not see my kids though
that is awesome thing to do . i miss my three kids . i also enjoy hot wings .
they are good . are you allergic to all shellfish ? they are at home
wow that does not sound good . i am in tennessee . how about you ?
i live in tennessee that is where i am at .
thanks it is hard to get days off . its just been supporting the family .
i am well , how are you ?
i am good . i just got back from the coffee shop . i needed my morning cup
yup that is true . so do you have any plans today ?
i am going apple picking with my kids .
me too . my friends invite me , but i would prefer to go alone
i have never heard of that before
sounds cool . i am a little more competitive . i like doing things where i can win lol
my son always says he wants to be astronaut
sometimes i fell like a motherless child
i am a cajun chef born and raised on the bayou , fits my circumstances
well there is shrimp gumbo , shrimp cresol , ship scampi
you should meet my parrot , his name is parrot
jazz . claro que si . do you think balding is a big issue
so i am bald is that a bad thing ?
cool . that is what i thought . but people make it a big deal
i decided not to pay any more attention to it
great , just got back from the gym . how are you ?
nah , i like the weights . get my music on , lift heavy stuff .
no carbs for me . you work out , too ?
yeah , i grew up in the south , lots of outdoors there . you ?
the head banging kind ! lol what do you like ?
hey . where are you from ?
southern us , mostly kentucky . its a great area .
hey , i thought you liked britney ! lol john denver , right ?
yes , i am fine , and you ?
i love to read and write poems
that sounds fun , what else do you like to do ?
who is your favorite actor or actress ?
my favorite show is the voice and jeopardy
i am a stay at home mom as well , its awesome
well , i have not had as busy of a day . . i mainly watch my favorite sport , hockey .
i try to avoid sugar and eat a somewhat balanced diet . that sounds good !
that sounds yummy . you are making me hungry .
oh wow ! that is certainly a lot in one day .
wow , you are a real health conscious person . that is important .
nothing much . just watching some hockey classics online .
i am not doing that well . i am so dissatisfied with my school life
i am still in high school , but wish i was a bit older and could move out
not really , my dad is so strict i cant do anything .
he is too strict for me , so much so , i have only one close friend
yes , that is why we are still friends i guess
do you , tell me more about it
that is great . what else do you enjoy ?
i wish i could go with you
i am fine . i do comedy in my spare time .
i am 47 years old and drive a honda civic .
nice , i have 3 tabbies
yes they are . i love cat shaped candy .
grape . i deliver for fedex .
what do you do for fun ?
i am already tanned naturally .
sure , tell me where you live ? i just moved back in with my parents , ugh !
my folks are great for helping , i am recently out of work and am looking .
well its nice but hard , i like both me and women so its hard with dating .
do you gamble much , losing money would make me sad and i would need help .
what kind of art , anything interesting ?
i wonder if i could get an art job ? i need something new and different .
middle school is a tough age , lots of emotions . i have a degree in biology .
i may give it a try , do you have any pets ?
hey there . oddly , i crochet , i have a online shop on the side , you ?
i am more of a singing person when it comes to music . whats your favorite color
red ! its like an obsession , red lipstick , purse , hair , even my car
harry potter is one my favorite things ever , even have a tattoo
that is pretty cool , what are your favorite things to do ?
i used to love swimming , refused to do swim team though
do you perform ? you should find a team to join if you enjoy it
oh no , they all practice early around here and i am a night person
i am doing ok i am sorry to hear about your cat
oh no ! will your cat be ok ?
hopeful you do not have to take her to the vet , what else are you up to ?
that sounds relaxing i am going to do some writing
its just a hobby , but hopefully one day it will be a profession !
thank you right now i am working on a childrens story
i am doing well . how are you ?
good to hear ! where do you work ?
no i am single . maybe in time , though .
oh that is great ! how is she ?
should we meet , i can tell some jokes . love making people laugh .
deal ! you will probably find me volunteering or working in the factory .
factory work , spare time spent volunteering and trying to change things in the world .
i drive a fiat . they remind me of home
yea , i moved to america as a teenager so we did not have many around .
no , i spend most my free time cooking .
there is always time to learn !
i do not know what kind of cooking you are doing
you do not have to use it .
do you have any children ?
its been good than , hbu ?
that does not sound like a balanced diet
what do you do for a living ?
i am retired now . being a cop must be rough
i try to stay busy with gardening and grandkids
yes i read 50 shades of grey
i would be better if my friends would buy their own beers . how about you ?
well it barely gets cold here in san francisco .
i guess they could in the zoo or ocean . i wish my wife was in the zoo .
no she would not be no good csi . she is the reason i got this fat guy .
do you know what hot sweaty farts smell like out here ? they smell good .
i like to smell them . not my fault you do not like to smell farts . its normal .
i am fine . just playing with my 3 cats .
a mini van . if i was not a secretary , i would drive sports car .
right on ! my hobbies are swimming and cooking . you ?
i am an insider , love to eat and favorite food is tacos .
pizza is good too . like my pizza greasy , how about you ?
yes , me too . the party slices some pizza places call it .
i know right . the square slices are the best .
not great , my hair turned out purple . . . you ?
i love red . . so i was upset it did not turn out
i do two turtles . . . scarlet and rhett . you ?
my turtles eat bugs sorry
wow . . . tough bugs . have you watched any good films lately
that is ambitious . . . . any luck with that ?
sorry to hear that . that takes a lot of work and time
i could use a new computer , mine like my favorite movie is gone with the wind
about to head to costco , my favorite place to shop .
what do you do for work ?
this is true nine to five as a literal salesman of snake oil . a supplement .
where do those footsteps lead ?
i like a cashier at my bank . i stare at her at a distance to flirt .
you are friends , i would imagine .
do you listen to music ? i like jacob s .
he is a sensation , jacob s .
good morning , just came back from the gym . how are you ?
lol . that is okay , my mother teaches music . i play bass guitar .
she dresses is all black , she is also a brujeria .
i love fishing and cheeseburgers .
i had pasta and salad .
italian is okay , i prefer japanese .
maybe . only you know for sure .
good how are you ?
taking care of my five kiddos
all under 10
you just have to get a good excercise routine down that you like
haha i feel like that just comes with age and so many things are stressful
so true ! !
i am a pretty avid gardener
it does but i love how the garden looks when i am done
i am not good i just shot a lion today . i shot him in the toe
i know but he is ok . then i just watched gone with the wind and i cried
i love dogs . i make clay models of all my dogs and they look very life like
yes i need someone to dog sit for them when i go to climb mount everest
its nice at mount everest as well you should try climbing
i am the same way
i do not drink either it makes me depressed
i am good how are you
i am steve i have big muscles
sorry to hear that , why ?
do you like to run
you have to do it to be powerful like me
but they make a plan
thanks you are funny as well
fine , but the red sox lost .
very much so , as are my two siblings .
thanks anyway . do you have pets ? i have a dog .
wow ! i would get a tattoo , but right now i am looking for a job , so no time .
i am worried that my short stature will make me look weak .
thanks . i will be okay , i will wear my lucky tie . its red , my favorite color .
not much . being out of work , i have no money .
i am alright . just winding down after a hectic night . you ?
my mother just arrived from saudi arabia to live with my family . daughters are upset .
outside of dubai . my daughters say i am a good mom but hate sharing a room .
it is a beautiful city . and , i try to be . . . just cannot afford a bigger house atm .
2 bedroom house with 4 people now . what kind of music ?
that does sound quite interesting
i have always been partial to the cramps and the reverend horton heat . yourself ?
out of those , i know who the beach boys are .
i am fine , how are you today ?
i love to nap , i need it after my long shifts . what do you do for work ?
i work as a paramedic , so we get a lot of stress on the job .
of all the bands , the beatles are my favorite . are you like them ?
yeah , i am doing it to put myself through nursing school .
i could listen to their music all day long !
i have to help support my 3 little sisters since my parents passed away
ok . about to take my medicine and go get new glasses .
playing donkey kong , i got mad and threw the glasses that i wear .
sometimes , but i do like swimming in pool and running .
traveling is fun . i am a track star in high school . that is fun .
that is great ! i was thinking about becoming a nurse .
not yet . i have to take some tests first .
oh i play that too . but i do try to get outside more .
same here . it is all good . i like to try different things .
i am good thanks . just got home from work .
think yourself lucky , i went to special school cos i am blind . so dull .
i am a radio dj . i have an assistant and everything labelled in braille . it works !
oh really ? what do you play ?
nope , i always wanted to be a dj . radio was my lifeline as a kid .
whats your favourite movie of all time ?
i do not have any pets , but i love dogs ! i teach at an elementary school .
so cool ! my parents are actually from japan ! where are you from ?
i love shopping in japan when i go to visit ! i am in canada , in toronto now .
things can be tough ! i always eat mcdonald french fries when i am sad .
i have my mom and dad . shopping with my mom is something i love !
they do miss it . do you get to visit ?
they do miss it . do you get to visit ?
you too ! thank you ! its nice to meet another teacher with roots in japan !
i am okay , craving some chocolate though .
i could play you a song
no , i do not like red anything .
i will sing you a song .
i am not a good singer .
that is all you can do i guess
that is true . but i am lazy
i am great , looking up new recipes to try . how are you ?
lucky ! i usually eat out but i just found out how much i like cooking haha .
how cute . what are your cats names ?
how nice . i have a dog named drake . do you like fashion ?
wow ! i love music . i play the drums to their songs sometimes haha .
oh cool ! i have never seen a unicycle before .
that is very lucky . do you ever ride to rap music ?
cool ! i love rap music .
that is awesome i would love to be a cook . i am great at cooking .
yea my daughter loves classical jazz . not so much me though .
sorry to hear that . what do you do for a living ? i sell paper products .
will ferrell is hilarious . do you like the taste of cheese , i hate it .
good for you ! how tall are you ? i am under 6 feet .
it is ok we both short . my daughter is tall . i do not know how .
no we both short . i was thinking about cooking up something . anything in mind ?
true i hope the male modeling works out for you .
my name is jack , i have a mean black ford truck
i am not bragging , it is a ford f150
are you mocking my name ? do you have a ford truck ?
so you do not have a ford truck !
i do not understand , what is your weakness ?
i love desserts too , as long if it is in a shape of a ford black truck
great ! what about you ?
sounds good . i am going out on my boat and go fishing .
i eat lots of fish since i live at the ocean .
yum ! i like to read while on the beach too . i like jane austins books .
nice . maybe i will . i enjoy taking long walks in my tennis shoes too .
i see . what are you studying ?
i went free diving , its fun and dangerous . how about you ?
that sounds so fun . i want to live forever so i can experience everything .
i have got to ask , how tall are you ? i cannot date people shorter than me .
that is fine as long as my cute little dog and big cat are good with you .
i can certainly try , but i am not confident it will not be burnt . do you have any tallents ?
i make mostly chicken stir fry .
haha good to know . thanks for talking .
great and how are you today ?
oh i see , did you have your coffee this morning ? i cannot do caffeine .
yep every morning , its my go to could be just psychological though
no , i cannot handle the caffeine . what do you do for a living ?
that is nice . i have been at my career now for over 8 years . its a job .
i have a small pet store . when i am not working i play the guitar .
hi i am great and yourself
oh ok , i understand i am here clipping coupons
yes they do and the amounts of money that they help you save oh my so awesome
i have a coupon organizer and everything
i try to be i ama tax preparer and a jack of all trades per say
i shop once a month and the savings are awesome
yes i can do your taxes if you like
not really , i spend most of my time with my son .
i love cats . i want a few .
i love to book and reading . especially cookbooks .
i get iron transfusions . ca not get wopsy with my epilepsy .
its a good idea . very helpful .
i have a service dog who helps me . his name is boomer .
yeah , not very good with their sixth sense .
neither is my son . he walks into walls haha .
i am great ! i granny is from denmark
oh my too lets go now
i love love and hate hate
my car smells weird lol
um , my kitten hurts me
i really love eating grass
i love tn . i am in fl . now
that is good , its way too hot here
i am a woman , hear me roar ! i also am a mom .
i like to cook , but i hate baking !
i stay at home with my kid . she has down syndrome .
i like to organize things to keep my mind off of reality .
i also like to run . it makes me feel like i can get away .
check out face off on syfy . it will make you feel different .
i like whatever color you are .
you should probably not . it is not good for the world .
i live in utah with my 2 dogs .
i am not much of a musician . i am more into drawing and painting .
well i am not into hunting but i like to hike with the dogs .
i have 2 border collies . i actually brought them over from france when i was living there .
it is beautiful . have you ever been there ?
no but i would love to go !
well lets plan to go !
i do not . but i love italian .
hi , i am good . my best friend abigail and i start our first day of safety patrol tomorrow .
yes , i am only 10 years old . i will be in school for a while . lol
i like softball , but wish i could play hardball . is it hard to do gymnastics ?
we have a cat named kiki . i love her bunches and bunches .
kiki is a tiger striped cat . do you like reading ?
yes , i love all the harry potter books by j . k . rowling . read them all twice .
i am good , just practicing for band . how are you ?
what do you do for fun ? i love greys anatomy .
yes it is . i do not like that its on late . i need to be on a schedule
my mom usually watches it with me . how many cats do you have ?
anything sounds good to eat right now . what do you like to eat ?
chips are good . i am in a school band are you in any activities
that is nice . i never joined cheer
watching football on tv . you ?
i am a teacher and volleyball coach so i understand .
i love to crochet . making a scarf now . what are your hobbies ?
i like to go geocaching . have you ever done that ?
fun , like searching for treasure and it is great to be outdoors !
i do not have any dogs . one tortoise though
what is your favorite food ?
i like apples but they make me break out in hives .
oh cool how are you ?
well that is not creepy at all
i want to be a vet
thanks just do not drive them around
phew glad to know that . do you diet ?
how many pets do yo have ?
i got 3 pets yo usee
ink really . i just wanna be a vet
i am excellent over here in new york . how is your day so far ?
no , i am not familiar with that show . i have been busy with work . what do you do ?
oh cool , i dance ballet professionally . i am retiring in 6 months though .
i have studied it my whole life , my mother is one too . my family is very supportive .
yea , its good to have hobbies and passions . do you play an instrument ?
i played trombone in middle school . was not good . which is your favourite ?
i love how it sounds . so majestic and powerful . is it hard to learn ?
i guess that is true for anything , hard work and discipline get results .
hello , i am playing video games and chatting , how are you ?
do you have any pets ?
i do not have any cats , but i do have 2 wonderful dogs
i am a trained police officer , you ?
that sounds like a cool job , getting to see bones all the time
what is the most interesting case you have seen ?
ah , that sounds like a fun day at work xd
i like to take hunting trips with my brothers
pretty bad . not while u attend tours
i love to paint with my 2 sons
that is sweet . you do not have to deal with a 20 years older husband
visiting museums is my thing
well i got me two sons
i know . i think i love them
i am good . i am katrina i am 21 years old and you ?
awesome i am not big on tv but i love dogs . my dogs name is lucky .
the subway is good . i own a restaurant i recently opened . what do you do ?
oh , i like to cook . i learned from my mother , she was from russia .
beef stroganoff my mother passed away when i was 18 so i do it in her honor .
thank you . do you have any children ?
have you thought of adoption ?
hi i am kane it was great spend time with the wife and kids
i have two sons one wants to try to be an actor like i did
there is a lot of traveling for the navy i am a baker
sometimes i make decent money but cannot wait to retire it gets boring at times
i love my wife very much she makes me smile the most
her name is lucille
ok hope you have a good rest of the day
i am great . how are you ?
what book series are you reading ?
no . what is it about ?
is it like harry potter
so it is like supernatural ?
i have a big family . i like spending time with them .
i enjoy it a lot
oh good ! i almost have enough to move to australia !
ink . i am just ready to marry my boyfriend . gonna make me a mommy !
give blood in honor of the death of my sister .
oh , i jog too . do you like pizza ?
oh cool ! i work at the hippest joint in houston , come grab a slice !
nope . i am really active , reading . . . well , on a treadmill , ok i can do that
well , do not look to hard , i gotta man already . . .
nyc . but last month i started going to college and am busy taking three sciences
nice . wish i could . i am not even living in a dorm until next year . still at home
i have to . cant even drive . take the bus every day . not since highschool you ?
cool . sounds fun . whats your fav color
blue . are you an adult ?
yep . 23 . wish i was still a kid haha
oh i would love to hear it .
that is great . no need to hide that
good morning ! i am not a great dancer . i like bowling instead .
what else do you enjoy ?
i am pediatrician and i see a lot more children with asthma now .
yes ! i have 2 children and i am so glad they have not developed it yet .
i am sorry to hear that . do you have any children ?
they require a lot of time . i spend most my time with them .
it can be fun . what do you do for a living ?
that is great . we need more people who can work with their hands .
that sucks . i am a soccer goalie . how about you ?
cool i started on a new team last month .
i got 42 pets , which is the same as my number on the team . lol
i am not familiar with radiohead what does it mean ?
oh ok , for some reason i was thinking it was a piece of equipment lol
i like soccer , of course . not much into music though .
you sound so in love
that is so great any plans for the weekend ?
hello , i am doing very well thank you . how are you ?
oh , not me . they are nasty creatures filled with dirt and grime .
no , dogs are even worse . i must have a clean home and area .
i am not . i must have order and neatness , animals are not nice and orderly .
no , i do not like horses either . are you vegan ? i am .
that is gross to cook , all of that blood to clean up
are you a seventh day adventist too ?
would you like to come over for bible study sometime ?
waiting to go on a camping trip . and you ?
we are going to hike in the trees up to little house where we stay .
california where there is still lots of trees .
wow ! maybe you would like to go and paddle around in the water
retired now so lots of time to spend on the water .
do you do any water sports ?
i agree but also fun to use equipment in the water
yes , i also go overseas sometimes and see how other people live .
i have two dogs and birds
i have two parrots and two doves
ok , i love nature very much , you ?
outdoor , what is your hobbies
i love eating and go hiking
i do not like movies , i have full time worker
oh , good what is your favorite dish
i like pasta , chicken wings and pizza
i am well how are you
i used to wrestle want me to toss her around a bit
i am 25 and the same way so i understand
i have a kid so it is hard to find time to date here
really i did not know that thanks
that is pretty cool then i guess
wow that is so cool i am only 25 or i might get in that
i am doing okay , how are you ?
i do not have a lot of time to read , my kid keeps me busy .
she is four and i am pregnant again . i get nervous letting her in the pool .
what do you do for a living ?
do you find it calming ? it sounds peaceful .
i stay home . my husband is an engineer and i raise the family .
i wish i was an artist but i do not think i am very good .
i am afraid i would be terrible and no one would like my art .
that is cool what are your hobbies
oh know that is never good
are you able to save a little money each week to pay it off
that is exciting do you have any plans
what kinds of food do you like ?
i am a fisherman so i eat fish a lot
that is nice do you play any instruments
yeah , was thinking of making some spaghetti after getting back from karate class
sometimes , depends whether i was too tired from a long day at school
my best friend abigail loves meatballs . me , not so much . do you work ?
awesome ! i still go to school . i just started my safety patrol chore there .
i take it you have not read harry potter then ? i love to read those .
guess you have a lot of time to kill between matches ?
that will take a lot of practice . i have no idea what i want to be yet .
yeah , my karate classes are very useful too . helps with some of the bullies at school .
you are very funny ! see you later !
hi ! i am michelle . what do you do ?
i love reading . but not anything law related
awesome ! i like works that relate to activism
it is what i focus on during my free time
wow that is impressive . i am not artistic at all
what do you do for work ? i hate my job .
hopefully not a law student
good . do not go into law . it is horrible
no thanks , i have to go to work tommorrow , office
your wierd , enjoying my bed with my 3 cats eating a taco
and you want to go clubbing on a tueday , taco are good
in a pool swimming sounds good to me
damn that is a bummer ,
i would not either , but its ok , being a secretary you meet alot people
your funny , maybe one day
try apple cider vinegar and baking soda ! works great for my suburban
only on girls night ! i will listen to anything with an apple martini in me !
oh my ! i have too many kids for a dog
well do you take your dog to soccer practice 3 times a week !
i wish ! in too busy at pta , my 4 book clubs and my brunch clubs .
maybe when i am on pinterest !
it can be . but my real dream is to design clothes in paris .
my black suburban says vinegar and baking soda all the way ! works wonders .
not too bad its nice on the west coast and yours ?
i work in retail how bout you ?
oh nice are you a pet owner ?
i have one she is spoiled
i try to catch a movie when i am free you ?
what type of music do you like ?
cool i am a rock fan
i stay home now . i am working on a novel .
i want to publish it .
go for it if it is your dream .
it is hard not to be supported .
which kinds do you want ?
i can understand that feeling .
i hope you start to feel better .
just keep at it and hopefully you will get where you want to be .
hi how are you today ?
what is your job eh ?
do you have pets of your own ?
oh i possess two dogs
they are just mutts . do you read books ?
what kind are they eh
crime stories are my favorite too
what do you do for work tho
hi there ! i am actually super tired . . . i never get enough sleep haha
haha thanks for the advice . i am actually a writer myself !
haha i actually write science fiction . what are some of your hobbies ?
sounds tiring ! i write and train horses . go figure !
haha cars for me ! but i do spend a lot of time with horses too
i am more of a jeep guy haha
i am just fine just working on my video game project
i am making a game for 5 year olds . reading and math
my wife who just lost her job in human resources cooks it in her free time
i made over 65 games dealing with magic . i love magic
card tricks . that is what will start my own company in gaming
its called magic games and apps
yes it is for all platforms
my son and his football team are playing on nbc . i will have a commerical after
hi its going pretty good how about you
i like dogs what kind are they
its all in how you treat them like all animals
i am a science treat at the local university got my masters a few years ago
teacher sorry about the typo . wow that is a great job
yeah what do you do in your spare tie
good how are you doing ?
yes i am in a band
guitar and also sometimes drums
no at different times . . . lol . . . do you work ?
what type of work do you do ?
i am sure you will find something
what other type of work have you done
i am pretty good , just listening to my favorite singer . how about you ?
lady gaga ! org i could listen to her and madonna all day long
well , i go to several concerts across the country every year
of course , and i love visiting local spots to hear local bands play
i play piano but on my retail salary , i cannot afford too many instruments
maybe she will be famous one day
i am good . . how about you . .
aww . . . i like dogs too . . i have 3
sorry . . . where are you from ? ? how is you weekend going
i am in newyork . we went to a picnic today . . whether was good this morning
you will love the place . . its gorgeous
yaa . . we use the trains quite often
not really . i like to stay home a lot but i might go out to eat .
me too . i want to go to outback . i love the blooming onion .
do you travel a lot ?
no i like to sleep a lot and i work overnights at a factory .
no its just me . i had a girlfriend but she broke up with me .
i grew up in a big family but i prefer to be alone .
hello , sure . why not ? where are you located ?
that sounds nice . i am a factory worker , so i do not get many trips .
that is a hard language to learn , i speak a little russian .
oh , okay . i do not mind them .
i love the french , i am going to go there when i retire .
i think i will eventually move to france .
i do not know , i do not watch them .
i prefer to get out in nature and hike .
hi ! i am doing well ! how are you ?
i do not have any pets . my father never let me . he is a loser .
what did you name him or her ?
that is sweet ! do you like to travel ?
that is a good job to have . i hate traveling alone and want to go to rome .
that is a good idea . i could dress up in my dress and boots !
no not really . do you ?
i love to travel and dance the salsa .
engineer . but i took off for a few months to travel .
cool . that sounds awesome . whats your favorite food ?
ll . that is interesting . i love pizza .
yeah it is quite unhealthy .
true . so do you like music ?
i am good . just got off work from the local pizza parlor .
my single mom used to make us cookies all the time .
i drink water most of the time .
i enjoy pizza , thankfully since i work a pizza place .
i enjoy playing the drums .
no , i just do it for fun . maybe one day .
rock and indie are my two favorite .
i need to go break some boards ! hay ya
although a nice puck in the mouth would work for me too . i am so angry .
my wife is stage 4 . how am i going to raise 3 kids alone ?
unfortunately all of my family is on the other side of the country .
i think i would rather go to the opera and sing along . its one of my passions .
that is what we are doing right now , is not it ? besides , i do not know your number .
text me the final score . who your team ?
great ! i went shopping today , did not have to work , went cloud watching
happy belated birthday to you !
oh that is just adorable
i wish i had a pet but i work too much
he probably works more than i do then , i am just a salesman
i shop and listen to jacob sartorius
he is just amazing is he not ? what sports do you like to play ?
hello how are you doing ? my cat felix and dog emmy say hello too
oh i love japan . i am in a small city wish i could travel .
i am a chef i love being behind the stove
i know the feeling my children moved out recently .
oh i think you would do just fine . are you into gardening ? i love planting new things .
nice , some plants live through the winter .
yes its so peaceful my pets love it too
its going good thanks for asking
i am from cali , have you ever been ?
what do you do for a living ?
what city are you from ?
what are some of your hobbies ?
are you marries ? any kids ?
i have been married three times
i am doing well . hope you are also .
i did just get some good news about getting on the baseball team in college .
i really enjoy baseball . i will be shortstop .
i still live at home . i am nineteen .
what was the kid doing ?
not even sure what that means .
i also hang out with friends .
that is an odd goal to have but to each his own .
well . . i gotta tell the truth to somebody , i just have too
nice , that must be some interesting choices in underwear , i won the lottery
yeah , but i am super lazy and poor , my wife hates me , ink what to do
no she is a scumbag . i need her to be gone . what else do you do . . .
she cheats . can you make her love you and steal her from me ?
do not you understand ? i do not care where you work . i will pay you .
omg . are you daft ? sure , whatever , rolling stones great . can you be my escape ! ?
you must not be able to understand millennials , grammar is flexible
haha , kids can be a nightmare ! i am good thanks .
not at the moment , hopefully one day !
i do not have any pets either !
i used to be a marine , currently working as a bartender . you ?
cool ! what do you do in your spare time ?
interesting , in my spare time i read books and write poetry .
i like quite a few genres , mostly fiction .
wow ! mee , to . i am beaming ! i cud danse the hole nite long !
elements . arnt u glad they do not have to work in the cirkus anymore ?
i work for the humaine society on the weekends . i take dogs for walks .
bucket . . . grate name ! . . . do you call him bucky for short ?
duz he have his own u tube channel ?
o , yeh , that is rite , ur 12 . 12 yr olds do not use the internet much .
i work lifeguarding at a beach
no i did not just from a training course
i like to spread laughter and love to everywhere
sounds interesting . i drive a yellow convertible sometimes in the rain
i have not . i listen to katie perry in the shower
a yellow toyota camry convertible .
i do like nature , like the ocean
cool . i love dogs too . cannot take my dog deep sea diving , but i still love him .
you were born in sf ? how old are you ? do you still live there ?
cool . i perform stand up sometimes in sf . fun city .
you get around . my dad founded the communist party branch in france . odd coincidence .
why are you going to paris ? do they even serve french fries there ?
sounds like a well deserved break ! with or without fries , lol .
i hope you have fun . if you sometime need a party planner , i got you .
cool . are you already packed ? need a sending off party ?
i am good thanks for asking
i go to school right now
what were you going to school for ?
what city are you from ?
i am from california . used to live in tx
no i moved a few years ago
i like watching movies and tv
i watch alot of reality tv
i love yoga . i teach too , private elementary children though , they take yoga .
sixth grade . they do not need to relax but i do i have ocd
you are so giving . i could not , i am afraid they may contract diseases .
well everyone says i am some neurotic hypochondriac so i think i should not have kids
yes i am a vegan and i take my health very seriously
i do all the time , no i have not been . maybe one day . are you religious ?
i just converted to a seventh day adventist . its really welcoming
yea my mother was jewish and converted catholic for my father . its amazing .
hi i just for back from a walk with my best friend , my dog .
i live with my dad . i have not seen by mom since i was 3 .
she is in a nut house now . i work as an accountant .
have you ever been to ireland ? i want to go look for a leprechaun .
i believe they exist . i need to find a new hair stylist .
my hair is difficult . it is very curly and dark . i need someone with experience .
i just love to hang out with my dog ! you ?
not well . i have lost my mind . i always seem to be losing things lately . you ?
maybe . my favorite food is lutefisk . it is the best in the whole world . what is yours ?
cool . my favorite band is marduk . do you like music ?
nice . do you like to hike ? i find hiking on glaciers to be fun .
well , that would be very helpful .
lol . at least you are honest .
yes , that is exactly right .
is it a reptile or does it have fur ?
i love boas and had 2 geckos when i was a child it helps me make friends
ahh well i am too short for my boa its with my brother now
run track in my wheelchair so i keep fit
ahh well being a chick i try to xbox but most people make fun of me online
its just the same offline being handicap , makes my stomach turn more then tomatoes
no since i was in elementary school i have a superpower my grandma used to call it
hi . i am well , how are you ?
welcome to the club . i bring home a book each night after work , and it does nothing .
i have 2 star symphony playing now . nothing .
i do not . i am apprenticing at a tattoo shop .
my daughter plays the sax and several other instruments .
she is 14 . she loves band .
we try . we are not vegans though .
i am a stay at home mom of two no getting off work here !
i write for my blog on the side , too . its a lifestyle blog for moms .
i would read it ! my husband is a committed environmentalist .
shopping at the farmers market is enjoyable for me , especially on the weekends .
i love dancing to good music . brings me back to my cheerleader days .
well , you would better keep working at that , then !
it has been great . my youtube channel just hit 50k subs !
really ? what did you graduate with ?
i bet . so do you want to teach or do research ?
oh ya ? what is that ?
is it related to biology ?
i make videos for youtube subs . makeup tutorials
how was it ? do you happen to know a good lawyer ?
my deadbeat husband left me with our six kids . i am too old to work .
thanks . nothing this pint of ice cream will not help in the short term
i am 50 ! the only think i will run for willingly is my life .
really ? my kids are adopted , and all still very young . years left in the house !
i bet she is your world . my husband will miss out on all the good things .
i wish he had let me know earlier in our lives that he intended on leaving .
traveled the world and adopted children earlier .
good , thanks . how are you ?
same here ! i need to buy new ingredients to bake a cake for my daughters .
yes , i love baking and cooking ! i actually have three daughters aged 3 , 5 and 8 .
tennis sounds interesting ! yes , i am ! how about you ?
no , but i would love to have a cat . how about you ?
that is so cute ! where are you from by the way ?
los angeles , although i am originally from saudi arabia . i love the sun !
i love to travel ! i want to go to paris and rome some day . do you ?
i am good . just hanging out with my pet snake skittles
i sure do . i love me some baby back ribs .
death valley . my dream is to build a house in the desert there .
i am a professional wrestler and video game designer . i love toronto .
no , but i watch a lot of their wrestling . i have always wanted to go .
do you like video games ? i have a video game character designed after me .
what subject is your favorite to teach ?
it is one fun to demonstrate as well . i like history a lot myself .
i like to do my hair and makeup and try on current fashions .
what shape is your face ? highlights are awesome .
why are you not sleeping now ? its late .
short hair is probably good for sleeping . i have gorgeous long hair , blonde .
heck no , i spend time making it look the best . guys love to look at me .
yes , i am in tv commercials . working on modeling .
i do not eat much of that . i have to watch my perfect figure .
milkshakes make me breakout . i cannot have that
i like to run
i am a great author who also likes to read
yes i drink green tea when i write
i love sweet tea also
i like mystery movies the best
they help clear my head
it does help a great deal .
running helps with that also
i spend my time babysitting for my neighbor . what do you do ?
computers are nifty tools . i am getting better at it everyday .
what does h p stand for ? can you tell me what that means ?
oh wow , hewitt . if i was not such an old lady i would try that too .
that is very nice of her . my social security check should come any day now . .
that is a great question . i think you can .
you really should . it helps pay utility bills and so forth . very helpful .
my best friend and i have a band together
maybe you could become one of our dancers ? i write my own songs
that sounds awesome . i have taken music for many years . i would like to try a cake
i do love to read when i have time
i totally understand that
i am in a band with my best friend
yes i am hardly ever home
hello , i am doing pretty good
not so much , i have never really been an athlete
that is good ! i am sure you keep in great shape
nice . i do not make much working at my local state bank
it is nice and quiet , yes . it is a good place to work
this might sound silly but i simply adore collecting antique teapots
oh it is the highlight of my day !
just a lazy day how about you ?
sorry i did not understand you . i wish it would clear up so i could go out
mine didst either but to keep fit i just ride my bike to work
we are the neighbors that do that hard not be with a 6 year old
that is kind of obnoxious but it is not always on purpose . have you told them ?
noise canceling headphones were the answer when i was growing up
not too bad ! just got done walking my dog george . how are you ?
nice ! do you play as a hobby or in a band ?
ha ! thanks . he definitely fits the name . do you have any pets ?
that is interesting . why is that ?
ah i would agree ! what do you do for a living ?
i am a retired cable worker . living the life on the beach .
yes ! just me and george haha ! are you married ?
where about are you from ?
naw , brah . just thumbs up
naw , man . i just skate all day . i barely even read for my classes
naw , brah . i do not read for fun . too busy crushing on my co worker
brah , she is more interested in my sick skating tricks than books
skateboarder man ! tony hawk is my hero ! !
no prob bob . we gucci
naw , i just skate and spend all my money on candy
now you are speaking my language . what do you like ?
warm enough to still be wearing my flip flops . how about there ?
i am glad i love wearing my flip flops , but the sun rings out my freckles .
i get my love of the heat from my best friend . she is from tanzania .
that is what i have been told at least . do you have any hobbies ?
watching comedy movies . they make me laugh , which i love !
right now melisa mccarthy . you ?
fair enough . there are so many to choose from !
pretty good . i have been busy making deliveries most of the day .
just here locally . i enjoy eating candy bars while i am on my route .
other than delivery , i spend time indoors with my three cats .
fluffy , allie and muffin . they do not like my honda though . they are not good car riders .
no , they run away ! i try to keep them inside as much as possible .
yes ! i try to keep the fleas off of them , by staying inside .
hey i am good . whats that song the village people sang from the 70s ?
oh , its just the the gym that i work out at . how was the meeting ?
organic , non gmo , grass fed and finished . i like to eat during movies
i love the outdoors , its why i cut my hair short . feel the breeze
got any cats on that ac ridge ? i am allergic
you know i wrote a song called feline free . i am learning piano right now
i would not mind horses . tell me more about yourself
hi ! thank you . i live here in the white mountains of vermont . how about you ?
wow that sounds great . i practice law , so much less cool !
i know utica i go to upstate ny to photograph sometimes
not far from albany right ?
go orangemen ! i remember flying around there . good german food too
oh hey now , i grew up in an italian neighborhood . . we can compete
hello there . my name is lucy . how are you ?
that is awesome . i am looking up vegetarian recipes .
awesome . what did you cook with ? my favorite is apples .
that is cool . do you cook with the skin of the apple ? i love it .
nice . i myself am single at the moment .
well thank you . do you have kids ?
very cool . well i have to get back to cooking . you have a great day .
i like to watch face off on the syfy channel
no . i also like to cook but do not like to bake . and you ?
lol i love to have my kitchen organized
that would be a very interesting job
i love to run and that keeps me in shape
yes i do too nothing like it for sure
no do not travel and never been to new york
hi , i am david . how are you ?
interesting . i work in proofreading , quality control .
i love reading , hence the job . also a big sports fan .
i would love the beach right now .
sounds awesome . my parents can celebrate their 40th anniversary .
what happened to your hair ? ? ? ! ! !
wow unbelievable . its probably still nice being a red head
awesome ! i am glad you like it
i am good watching replays of my brother he plays in the nfl
really i am also snacking on popcorn my favorite
i am a full time student unless riding horses count
that is good i wish i was not full time so i could have more time snowboarding
maybe becuase i get burned to easily with the sun i choose snow
lol so what are your plans for tomorrow ?
o that is nice hope you enjoy your self . what kind of movies do you like ?
romantic , comedy , drama since there is not much in my life lol
pretty good glad its my day off , i might play tennis later . you ?
i am a part time life guard , you ? yeah tennis is an awesome past time .
i love planes ! wish my dad could come back on one . . .
he works for the navy , so he is away alot . . we had plans too .
to go to chainsmokers concert i have been waiting all summer .
never heard of them , is it rock ?
awe , how sad , i thought about that too when i wanted to take up traveling .
yes , i want to visit jerusalem one day , maybe you could fly me there ? ;
you better hook a sister up with some first class seats
yes it has , see you !
driving fast somewhere in the corner
i am lucky enough to beat death last time
yeah , but i am actually a giant with a gentle heart
oh wow , do it with my family with me
all art are cool and awesome
oh wow , for how long already ?
oh , how long it will take
wow , that s awesome i might do that too
that is awesome ! i am doing good . hard for me to hold a book !
i was in a car accident and i lost an arm .
when i was in college i watched football before i graduated . what do you do ?
i have my own set of land that i farm !
montana . youngest of my family . got 3 siblings . you ?
yeah ! i love to go on a nice long hike . and you ?
i am doing pretty good . why are you not so great ? ?
i hope she is okay . i will pray for her .
oh wow i will . i go every sunday at church and pray for everyone .
wow i can . i will tell my dad to as well . he is a preacher .
good . do you have kids ? my 3 year old always cheers me up .
you still can ! i decorated her room purple everything ! my favorite .
i am sure . are you even able to work right now ?
that is hard . someone should start a go fund me for your family .
hi , 1 sister and 2 brother , married . fell in love already . i am vegan . you ?
hmmm . i am a lab tech with two brothers .
fertility lab . i sleep all the time . you sing ?
i see . virginia . john and wayne are my brothers . you dance ? i do .
oh okay . i married my husband quickly . he is vegan too . you teach fishing ?
no . train riders . i wear a lab coat too . you cook fish ?
yes . i will win the lottery tonight . you military ?
hmmm . we will see . any pets ?
i am doing good . just got back from the animal shelter
no , i just visit often . i feel like i prefer animals to people
do you have pets ? i have several different breeds
really ? not even animals , you should try watching some animal videos on the internet !
you should still try the videos always cheers me up or looking for wildlife outside
you should definitely look for wildlife when you bike , what else you like ?
really ? did you enjoy it . you should have videoed it and posted in online
i work a measly 40 hours a week at an automotive plant .
i enjoy relaxing in my living room watching the simpsons
my favorite food to eat is macaroni and cheese .
oh , meatloaf is a must ! except it is unaffordable to me .
it sure is . its hard when you only make above property on a family of 4 .
that is why i watch tv whilst sitting on the couch when i am off work . keeps me sane .
i like to invent things that get put into cars at the factory
nope , i wish they would put a mac and cheese dispenser in one .
i am doing great , just daydreaming about love
i do not have very good luck with relationships
maybe . motivation is such a struggle . i have 7 sisters
wow ! are any of your brothers single
at work i sit and daydream about finding my true love
i go to school . but i hate doing my homework .
i hope you will not slack off like me and will do your homework
i work to . but i daydream so much that i forget sometimes that i have a job
i am great , i just got the kids down for a nap . how are you ?
i have no idea what you are talking about . is that like chess ?
i own a horse named linux . i speak to her in code .
i actually live on a working farm . you must really like animals .
it is actually very hard work , but totally worth it .
you are so lucky ! i love hip hop . do you ?
sometimes i wish i could go back to working in the entertainment industry .
i am great . how are you ?
that sounds fun . do you do that often ?
i bet that it does . it takes a lot of coordination .
no but i like dolls
i like both . i like flowers too .
i like daisies . how about you ?
roses are pretty flowers . do you like picnics ?
i am playing the cello my mom taught me .
nice . did you get them anything blue ? i love blue .
i could come play for the party . as long as it is not on a weekend .
i go to concerts on every weekend that i can .
i could bring my stamp collection too . they might enjoy that .
that is really about it . cello , stamps , concerts . it is what i love .
i am sure you are ! tell me more !
i shop for things that are blue .
hi ! i am good ! just sitting in the silence and enjoying it . you ?
oh no ! i am so sorry . what was it ?
would a joke cheer you up ? i like simple ones .
here goes , i will say . knock knock
the cave dwelling , car driving , guy named fred from a cartoon .
i cannot remember but it was back during simpler times .
it was a sad attempt but i like the simpler ones and prefer old cartoons
my friends watch south park and cartoons like it . i do not like them .
hey there pretty good , yourself
they are cool , not heavy into animals
haha possibly , i take you like animals ?
that is good , i am working on a bitcoin project , what you do for living
i invested in bitcoin at right time worked out , well you can always make money
yes i guess i could , i focus more on humans if i donate vs animals
o yeah over 100k to hurricane victims
yes very very , i also volunteered
good morning ! hope you are having a wonderful day !
aw that is too bad . try clarita ! it clears my two sons and husband right up ?
do you have any other animals ?
nice ! any puppies ? my dog just passed away . it is tearing me up .
maybe it will be ok . my parents taught me to see the cup half full .
no . my house has a great yard that my dog loved to play in .
i would not like that . my dog would want lots of space !
fine what do you do for a living ?
you are talking to the second year quarterback for the philadelphia eagles
well . i am awful special and this year we are going to the playoffs
second year how long in the dress design business
i was just naturally gifted and just really special
huge pay . i am the most important person on the team
yes each family member owns a seperate house .
i am great , how are you ? just finishing my mexican food .
always a good choice . so what do you do ?
not sure what that is . i pretty much stalk others on social media .
i work at a vet , but we do not have any dragons .
that is sad . i have 2 kids , so i have to talk to others .
exactly . hopefully you will have kids one day so you can chat .
what else are you into ?
i have been at google a long time
you own 3 kids . i have days off
i am a resident of settle
i am sorry . i meant seattle
choir is not lame . and seattle is up north .
i think you have a not so good attitude
good because i like chicken wings
you go do that . i hope you have a great day
hi how are you i am fine
not really i grew up upstate and never really did much .
running is hard , i like sitting that is why i work at my local bank .
my father died , too much excercise , he used to work at the the same bank i do .
she died too we grew up together upstate , she died from too much excercise aswell
yeah ever since my mom died from exercising . then my dog got ran over my a bicyclist
sorry to hear that , what happened ?
that sounds annoying . i do not have men in my family so it is hard to imagine .
my mother immigrated here from saudi arabia to get away from men , i understand .
clear right now . my daughter is coming over later to paint them .
maybe i will , i like green .
do you live in an attic ?
how interesting , i am glad you like it .
well i am in paris , france and i am engaged to be married . so i am great !
i was a banker but a month ago lost that job
no since i was two i have danced so i will do that
no but the alphabet ? i can say it backwards !
no i do not but maybe one day .
ok do you teach redheads that is what color my hair is
is it hard to learn to surf
should i wear sun block ? i am fair skinned
oh that is fun , i love to fish in lakes
oh that is impressive ! and i love bacon
oh that sounds amazing . . i dropped out of college to travel
oh that sounds very nice . . i love being in the woods
i have never done that , looks hard
lol , well i am pretty clumsy
oh that is a great idea ! do you enjoy guitar ?
i am trying to learn guitar now . . some jimi hendrix
hey , i am good just got back from the bar with some friends . you ?
that is cool . good luck . i photograph dancers sometimes .
yeah that would be cool . do you have any tattoos ?
oh i get that . i have a full sleeve . my mom hates it .
disney movies are fun . i always enjoyed lady and the tramp . dogs are my favorite .
yeah disney is great . i named my 4 dogs after disney characters .
goofy , mickie , pluto , and donald . we spend a lot of time together .
okay i would like that
i like to play with my wife at night
the philippines and iowa been in the philippines for the last 7 years
no work just the hits that is all i need
well this good work . i am a veteran and i have a gardan
some and thank you i also kike to read my favorite is endar game
that is really weird , i love pistachio ice cream
that is crazy , i play with edged weapons
i travel a lot and i make friends along the way .
lol i think britney spears is the best singer in the world
i am studying to be a surgeon , that is why i watch surgery videos
well i think she has a wonderful voice
where are you from ? i am from chicago
hello ! i am also a teacher . i teach kindergarten in the us .
i am . do you like music ?
i love the music of the 1980s . my favorite band is the pretenders . do you know them ?
ah , i see . do you have any pets ?
that is too bad . i have a puppy , sometimes he is better than a gf .
he is a cocker spaniel . his name is tiki
i like to hike in the mountains . what about you ?
those are very good hobbies !
i love golfing and i work at a law firm .
i am married . how do you manage your alone time if your married ?
i work corporate . i do no really like getting in the middle of drama .
i have 3 . i do not get to spend much time with them due to my hours .
the hours keep me away from my children . i tend to work 80 plus hours
how many kids do you have ? i have all boys .
only when i wack myself with my gold club by accident . . .
yeah i like all kinds of music
he is good i listen to a lot of jazz since i am from new orleans
those are both nice things to do . do you work
that is nice i want to have kids one day
it sounds like that especially with horses
wheres your favorite place to camp
wow i need to get up there and check it out
good , where did you grow up . i lived next to the sea .
right on . i visited manhattan last summer . it is an awesome city to see .
i do not have a favorite . i cannot pick one . what is your favorite animal ?
i am a chef and i train dogs . . . not at the same time of course .
i do not think you like to paint with watercolors . i think your character does .
i share the same feelings about cooking and baking .
what is your favorite food ? i make a mean homemade pizza .
i would love to go rollerskating . but , where do you get good quality shoes ?
happy birthday ! what are you doing today
do you ride a bike or scooter ?
love to ride my scooter . used to game not anymore though .
you swim to get around ? do you live in water world
i am nick by the way . are you a dolphin .
amazing . do you listen to music ?
can do that underwater . music is not my thing .
strawberries are my favorite . love them .
sounds fun ! on the weekends i kayak at the lake . what do you do ?
do you chew your nails ? i do . it is such a bad habit .
how many schools have you attended ? navy brat here so i went to 16 .
cool ! i want to be a teacher for special education . so i am studying for it .
if you move to mars , can i visit ? i think it will happen one day .
how soon in the future do you think this would happen ?
what kind of video games do you play ?
what kind of guitar is it ?
i am a factory foreman
i am in the midwest . how about you ?
benn to nashville many times . do you have any hobbies ?
i love working on and driving my classic chevy
blue metal flake with white scallops . are you into cars ?
my wife and i are constantly traveling around the country showing the car
we where just at one last saturday i bought cucumbers and onions
i am actually allergic to tomatoes
yes , i do . i have a dog . what about you ?
i got my golden retriever from a shelter . what else do you do ?
that is great . i write fiction in my free time . do you work ?
i have an advertising job . my building needs a window washer if you are interested
you could braid it . my mom used to braid my hair before she died .
i am sure it would look nice .
what kind of dance ? exotic ?
no i have not , i have never been much of a reader .
my wife loves to read . i will have to suggest it .
that is interesting . where are you from ?
i own a small farm in grand rapids michigan .
yes it is , me , my wife , and kids love it here .
i have two boys , they love helping out with the cattle on our farm .
yes , i love taking pictures of my three dogs , my cat , and kids .
great thank you . and yourself ?
i just finished a shift for a fast food restaurant near me .
yes , i have no car so i walk home 3 miles every night .
not right now , since the weather is nice , i like to walk .
the great big city of new york .
yes many people around all the time .
true . do you have a favorite color ?
i see
i taught my daughters how to bake some pie and cook a dish
that is just what i did today , its my passion . that is sad
not a lot , you have any plans this weekend ?
wood drinking !
yes
ok sounds good , see you soon
actually i do not read much , except maybe scenarios for d d . ever played ?
haha . well who does not love cupcakes . you should try playing a character ! different experience
there you go . then we could match . i love wearing purple . we would be intergalactic .
probably halflings . they are versatile and effective , and use their brain over braun .
i am all about metal . . . love van haven . who do you listen to ?
nice . heart is actually pretty awesome i have to admit . what do you do for school work ?
i am great . thanks . on fall break and loving it .
i teach eighth grade at the middle school here in plantation . what do you do ?
oh boy me too . i prefer the symphony over everything else .
what kind of office is it that you work in ?
so sorry to hear that . i do not like mine either
what do you think of the president ?
not enough time or space . lol
not really . i sing in the choir and love to shop . i sound shallow
hello . how are you doing today ?
that is nice . did you like it there ?
i like watching television when i have free time .
i also like to play sports a lot
i agree . i am from the west coast .
i have never heard of that .
i have crashed my cat twice in my life
i meant to say car by the way . i have no cats .
i do like music ! i like country !
i love dogs ! so crazy about me , i take four pills daily just to live .
i detest driving ! ! ! i am almost 46 and have never driven
that is good , i am a teacher .
i teach at a middle school , 7th grade science .
yes they sure can be ! they keep me on my toes !
hi mary ellen ! would you like me to make you some coffee ?
i can help watch them ! i am in oregon though
it is , but i can take some time off and visit !
maybe another time . my prenter and i just bought a new house
apps partner . thank you ! we wil try
i understand headaches can be nasty
i want to complain because my coworker makes me angry
it is ok , so many issues in my life now , boyfriend , job etc .
construction is in your family blood , i hope to get marry again
nah , he wants an open relationship but not me
you should settle down , anyways she got promoted , not fair
its nice to fall in love , but too much stress now to think about that
i wish i am like you , my life is falling apart
finally some light into my darkness world . you are nice
sometimes . what do you sing
do they like when you sing
do you guys recycle at all
what kind of things do you collect
do you eat what you hunt
why is that ? i do not understand
what do you do when you shoot them
hi , i just came home from school , i am getting my teaching degree
i want to teach music , is that a video game ?
i like walks in the evening , so i can see the sun go down .
oh , i am not good at video gams at all sorry
i have a park near me but it full of homeless people so i do not go .
my parents are in telecommunications but i like music .
i agree , that is way i spend so much time at school lol
i did not follow in my parents footsteps lol
hello , i am fine thanks . how are you ?
yeah , i love it ! my cat , pickles , and i play box together .
that is great ! i enjoy swimming . i used to be really good in college .
not often , but it can be fun on occasion .
like a nice cuppa joe from starbucks !
he sure can , its my favorite
i heard he played at woodstock . my parents met there .
indeed , have you ever been ?
i do . but my real passion is exploring . i aspire to be an explorer .
oh nice ! do you get scared easy ?
oh yes grandmas can be scary . i have been to india a lot .
oh nice ! i am a athlete so i travel a lot .
yes . sometimes . competition is good sometimes .
mine is blue . do you have a favorite color
hi ! how are you today ? i live in california .
i am in aa ! ! ! ! i am recovering !
that is very very depressing .
that is cool . i am retired . used to be a newspaper reporter .
no , but i have a girlfriend . she lives next door . you ?
that is not true ! you will find someone !
you should go to aa . .
fine just finished my movie how ate
nice lindsey sterling is why i picked up violin
my favorite sunset color is red orange
my morals come from my grandmother she raised me
ouch only cult o follow is the show supernatural
my dad plays dungeons and dragons to me that is weird
ouch like a commune ? ? or something different
ohh totally not what i had in mind but wow
interesting . . . what do you do for living ? ?
great . . its really a great hobby
hm . . are you a graduate ?
where are you from now ?
wow . . that is kind of cool . .
how was the whether today in ny
fall is coming in . . i love that whether
i am fine thank you for asking
a nail technician that loves corvettes
and you what are you what are you do for a living
i love the fact that i can change my clients day
being your own stylus you get to try over the top
and it is almost free but we can be creative
congratulations i bet you it was a beautiful wedding
i was it lasted a year thank god it is over lol
hi ! i am doing well and you ?
very nice ! i do not draw but i love listening to metal music
cool ! do you like leather ? i have leather everything !
ahh i see , what do you do for work ?
nice ! i do not work and like to sleep in late
i have spiky black hair but want to change it . have any suggestions ?
mohawk sounds awesome ! what kind of shoes do you wear ?
i am good . just working out since i obsess on that and being the best .
if i am not eating healthy , i do not eat !
do you use instagram ? my posts need to look like i am having fun .
thanks . do you play soccer ? i am so good i got a scholarship for it !
thanks . do you play soccer ? i am so good i got a scholarship for it !
i do not dance . do you want people to think you are cool ? i do .
sure ! i am very good at it . i can teach you !
i need ideas i need to buy groceries
i love to cook hope it does not disconnect
yes i do wish there were more restaurants around
i have to always climb the stairs i live on the third floor
i am losing a lot of weight my legs look nice
i also have a lot of roommates it is stressful
do you have any pets ?
yes they are a lo of work
i am a writer and writing my first book . before the end of this year .
huh , thanks for telling me . i am a translator , and that is my profession .
or can say a professional translator . but things are taking another toll in my life
i mean me becoming an author , and that is what i amd doing
i feel like i am not passionate about much after my career ended .
i mean i do go for morning or evening walks which help .
haha awesome ! that seems like it gets in the way .
that is something i never heard of before
why do you want me to buy you a new car ?
i love you ? i hardly know you !
oh . i am pretty good with computers ; perhaps i can find a new car online
how about a hockey game ?
aww , you are sweet ! i can go , as long as my mother does not need me .
she was ? has she passed ?
nice . my mother is not able to work because she has to care for my grandmother .
good good .
astrophysicist you ?
nice . maybe you could write my life story .
i am like howard on big bang theory but never been to space
one day i will go to space and be considered an astronaut
see . and you could say this book is about my female astronaut friend
i aspire to be like neil tyson degrasse . his posters motivate me .
who do you look up to ?
oh me too . do not tell anyone but i slipped a little alcohol into mine
lindsey stirling never gets old ! you ?
i work with animals , specifically hippos . i would love to be reincarnated as one
no , i cant afford to until i kick my 2 packs of cigarettes a day . you ?
i wish i could go there . i am sure they have a place with great meatloaf !
i tell you meatloaf is something i could eat every day . hippos love it too
hippos are just great animals in general
other than those things , not much ! you ?
i am doing well ! how are you doing ?
have you watched any good movies lately ?
oh lame ! ! its a remake , right ?
yeah , he is getting up there in years !
cruise ones , the mission impossible ones and top gun
yeah , i totally agree about that
hey there . what are your thoughts on transgender ?
i just ponder sometimes . what it would be like .
i do not know . i am not really sure who i am attracted to i guess
i am in school . i could not handle thecrejecti n from my parents though
no i am in high school . do you understand your feelings ?
i am just so unsure of mine i guess
i am ok and how are you today
i think my gf is going to leave me
i think she found out i am bisexual .
i love playing the guitar do u play anything
nice i love the outside too but i hate wearing pants
no not in school i love to read gresham books without pants
ll well i guess i just hate pants i like to let things breath
great , i am going swimming today its my favorite thing to do .
you can if you want the house i own has a pool , we can invite you over .
we have a bunch of dogs i sure care a lot about them . do you like dogs ?
bad eye sight ? i love the color purple some say it is my favorite
are you blind ? are you using text to speech ?
that is so cool is am so impressed .
thanks for not being a boring blind person .
good thanks how are you
do you like to hike a lot
nice it is raining here
nice lets go do our nails
nice i am angry usually
just my temper it is fast like my car
everything and everyone you see
it is okay as long as i do not lose
my day is just fine , do you have any hobbies ?
that is great because i love my pet cat
that sounds like great exercise , i love to sit and read at home
yeah make sure to take care of yourself , try reading comics , i love them
yes its important , nightish is also one of my favorite brands , try it .
i do not know lol but it sounds like mouthwash or something
i do not have a car , i have a skateboard .
no thanks , i do not eat any animal products .
most candy has some form of dairy . as a vegan i can not have that .
you should try skateboarding , it could help you lose weight .
you never know unless you try !
we could have a jam session . i love playing my guitar . do you play ?
do you listen to any music ?
i guess so , i like all music !
i am not a wine drinker i love some french vanilla coffee
do not like any wine
i am a nurse i have a cat named cow he is black and white
that is a wonderful hobby . i love being a gymnast in my spare time
it is good for the body
i used to see a trainer , but now i just do it alone
aww thanks . are you married ? i have a boyfriend of 10 years
he loves the cat so that is good . . . lol
hello i am good thanks for asking
i work from home for a company
a company called door dash
no . door dash is a food courier service
on the side i also create new things to add to my shop
yes i just currently opened my online shop in august . i am working on adding more things
i am great just doing some travel plans
i travel and play music and take pictures you
i live in dallas , texas how about yourself
what about texarkana , tx ? i just got back from there
sick sick do you like adam levin at all ?
sick sick same rt fave what about traveling
hey ! that is awesome . i am a punk rock singer
no i do not , though i do enjoy writing poetry from time to time
i do some song writing for my punk band . i really want to perform in the uk
yeah hopefully i can skate across buckingham palace .
maybe i will ! whats your favorite color ?
black is mine ! figures , punk rock !
well it was nice knowing you , gotta get ready for my show !
i am fine , and you ?
not a fan of sports myself , love animals , which is why i am a vet .
interesting , i have 3 shih tzus and 2 tabbies , any pets for you ?
i see , i ride my bike to work most days .
nice ! ! i will be 30 tomorrow , how about you ?
yes it is . i am trying to try out a vegan eating way of life .
i am not sure i will make it , but i will try .
yes , especially when someone eats the way i have .
god bless you and yours this fine day !
my mamma raised me to be generous , and yes i do , you are welcome to some .
i am also a grown woman . mamma did right by me even though it just her
he is pretty good . what else do you like
i do not know what that is .
i see . what else do you like to do
why is he called sponge
yes we have established you like television and cheese .
i m good . kinda sad , walmart didn t have any meat for me to make beef jerky
i love meat , meat is my favorite . i make the most amazing beef jerky
i like traditional beef jerky . i use top round steak
haha yeah , i like football and country music
the colts , from my home state
well , i have a truck as well . i like to go muddling in it
yeah it can be , lol the car wash probably hates me on those days
oh cool , you should make them some beef jerky as a reward for helping
i am tired , just fixed my computer .
oh not that must hurt .
i hate it too . never used it .
i like red . i dyed my hair red .
raining again ? do you live in portland oregon ?
oh that is very cool . i think my hair would look nice if i rock .
not pets . i would probably eat them up .
a lot . when they all run together it is impressive .
i do not work what about you
do you build the ones divers cab swim in ?
that is awesome i love swimming
sorry to hear , you can rub my bald head for luck
maybe a good idea how about a chocolate milk stiff drink ?
do you know someone who is deaf or just wanted to learn it ?
i stuggle with that myself deaf on one side .
i have gotten use to it just means i do not have to listen to drama lol
hi nothing much just listening to music . how was your day
that is fun . family time is important .
wow i bet that was rough on them when you were a baby . where are you form
that is cool . i was born in germany but my mom is chinese
i am in texas now . i speak spanish and english so i understand everyone here
wow that is really cool
yeah it is i like the weather here i hate the cold
you will always miss your hometown
watching the news at home . you ?
i just quit my job and am about to apply to university
lucky . so what do you do for fun ?
i like to go skiing . i play card games . travel much ?
i go to new orleans every once and a while i live very close
where are you from if you do not mind me asking
nice ! i love florida . i live on the mississippi gulf coast . hour away from pensacola
nice . tell me why you are fascinating . i just finished watching my favorite show .
sausage fingers ? i work with beets . i live on the farm and always look bloody .
well i also deliver papers for extra money . would love to see your art .
wow that sounds interesting . i wish i could own a bear . they are my favorite .
you are making me thirsty now . when we finish , i will watch battlestar galactia again .
it sure is . its my day off so i will watch it at least twice .
burping or from the other end ? get to the restroom if the other end .
that would be the best for you and anyone you may be around .
i understand my toddler keeps me running !
aww i am sorry to hear that !
i bet ! i am a beer distributor .
o yes my child is very busy ! lol his father is stay at home .
one day i am sure you will lol
i love steak ! and lobster too !
do u like music ? i love taylor swift .
o yes he is a great artist !
hi there ! how are you ?
oh what do you like to cook ?
i do not eat . i only drink apple martinis haha
sometimes . i wish i could do more with my life though . be happier .
i would not be good at that . i want to design clothes in paris for a living !
lovely talking to you !
hey i am happy this is the weekend
i work for a cable company
cool in what ? like horses ?
really ? well you be careful i do go camping
really i love justin timberlake do you ?
i swear lol i listen to him still
yea kidd rock is sexy
i just finished doing a report for my client .
she must be in new york , that s my favorite city
i love the steaks there too . my wife did leave me
i can run as a stress reliever
i love to read , this will help me as a lawyer too
not really , i am just really hard working
have you been to new york ?
you chat so fast , i like that .
i am good , how are you ? do you have any hobbies ?
oh no ! my hobbies are photography and flying planes ,
true lol , what do you do for a living ?
sounds fun , a lawyer here , i have been so busy i do not even own a tv
not many , i do not drink . so do you live in the city ?
hope not at once ! do you like the mountains ? that is where i live .
yes iam , how about you ?
i am perfect ! my lizard is better .
oh yes ! her name is gila , sometimes i paint her toenails purple .
i am very sorry about that , do you have any siblings ?
i do not have siblings , so i know what it is like to be alone .
what color are your eyes ? mine are icky brown .
i love green eyes , it is a good in between color .
i do ! perks of being the only kid
no i have not . not really a gamer .
sounds cool i do not have a lot of free time .
what songs do you get stuck ?
have my own online business in marketing . what band ?
all sorts of things . do you meditate ?
sorry i do not get that . lol .
yes i guess . time does not exist . meditation helps with that .
pretty good , how is yours ?
i do not have any yet . i just got hired at goodly as a software engineer .
i am in maine . i get to eat my favorite seafood lobster a lot .
i started as an stern there last year . they finally hired me full time .
i think winter harbour has the best .
you should . i just love seafood .
yes . i am an artist . i paint with my mind and my hands .
we buried my dog in the yard next to my house .
i have been incomplete since then . luckily i have my husband .
not better than my two sons . meet me outside how about that ?
they school themselves . i created them with my mind and my hands .
you want creepy ? i sleep outside next to my dead dog .
i lay in cemeteries to create with my mind and my hands .
hello ! it was ok . i work at hallmark proofreading cards .
that is always good ! growth is important !
good business model ! what do you do for fun ?
i like music and movies . ever seen goodfellas ?
it is my favorite . i like to watch sports too
football and hockey . they are the best ! what about you ?
those are fun to play with friends . do you like to read ?
i have always liked nerdy people . how are you today ?
ll . speaking of food i happen to be allergic to seafood . its strange .
i love anything chocolate . i drink hot chocolate and love chocolate cake .
what are some of your fav things to cook ?
i spent the day with my parents and some cousins today . how was your sunday ?
no but i read a lot . are you a reader ?
i am doing great . you should congratulate me .
i just got accepted at uc santa cruz .
oh wow . i will be studying computer science . do you like it ?
my real passion is animal rights . are you familiar with vegetarianism
i do not like fish so much . you can not have a bond with a fish .
oh wow , i did some gardening to do some extra money last summer .
is it enough to support yourself ?
but music is fun but not enough money in it unless you make it big .
how are you doing tonight
i am doing good what about you
that is cool i am watching a movie
its called meade halloween good movie
i love sea food i love crabs and shrimp
i love some red rosses
i am doing very well . just finished my accounting report for the day .
i am in the financial field so accounting is a lot of what i do .
i enjoy going out to eat and going to extravagant parties . you ?
i love food too . especially fine dining .
i am with the right people . i tend to hang out with ivy leaguers
harvard . it is very elite .
yes , where did you go to school ?
why did you drop out ?
hi , i am well . and you ?
i just finished baking a pudding .
lemon one . it gives me gas though
will sure follow your advise .
i guess . too bad lemons do not grow in texas . i love lemons
i love texas and life here is good . where do you live ?
i do enjoy a good bagel ! i have never made the before
did you ever bring in bagels for your coworker nurses ?
i cannot bring in bagel for anyone because i drive trucks
arm wrestle with the boys ! my father and i do all the time
good , but better when i am not on it and with my sweetheart
i will try . right now the weather as been in my favor
hello ! i live in wisconsin and love to snowboard . how about you ?
nice ! do you take a stroll by ocean or horseback riding there ? i love horses
i do ! we snuggle a lot especially during football season !
dogs ! all the way and no vegan here . but i do love popcorn
butter is yummy ! i work in our farm . we have lots of animals
not stealing there . they produce a lot . do you drink cow milk ?
that is true . both us stand a lot in our job ! do you watch football ?
i like purple . i just died my curly hair purple . i am 173 cm tall .
i do not watch sports . my greek family immigrated to the us in the 50s
i also cook ethnic foods mainly greek dishes
i do not watch tv how about you
wow you have a farm ?
nice so you are more like a rancher
quite peaceful on your ranch . . huh
i just got off work waiting tables .
yep ! one day i want to be a doctor .
do you have any kids ?
oh . i have a 4 year old daughter .
she really is . i also work full time . you ?
do you have any hobbies ?
oh , fun . i enjoy reading when i have time .
i guess i just read your mind .
i am well catching up on grey anatomy
yes me too , i am still in high school
really , where ? i love music an my mommy
music , since i am in band i just love it
drums , you ? i try to live my life in order
cool . you would be on the field .
still be in music somehow some way .
cool , where ? out doors or inside ?
hello , that sounds fun ! i am just about to take my 3 dogs for a walk lol !
it sure is ! i also have 2 cats haha . did you catch any fish ?
i agree , i love fish but nothing beats a good burger lol !
awesome , i live in dallas tx . we have so many different burger places here !
i have played the violin since i was in fourth grade . what about you ?
whoop ! they sure do ! how long have you been in a band ?
hi , i am doing excellent . how are you today ?
yes , i have several . i love swimming , yoga , and shopping . how about you ?
that sounds awesome . do you have any kids ?
i do not either . is there any special dishes you like to cook on sundays ?
oh , that sounds good . what do you usually prepare ? any favorite breakfast ?
i am single , no kids as i said before . i work monday through friday .
do you have any other hobbies you like to do ?
great ! ready to hit the waves on daytona beach
my son plays football for of . go gators !
i am a fan of pizza , love it ! ll
i was borne in usa , and you ?
change it for pizza hut ! i will sure visit you .
yep i do . do you want to go to the beach with me ?
i am ok just getting attacked my my cat . ll . yes i do .
that is awesome . i cannot play guitar , but i have 2 different colored eyes .
my mom is always working . she is an osteopath . so i practice speaking italian
oh really ? awesome . yeah i am fluent now . i kinda want to travel to italy .
do you want to be in a band ?
i believe in you . so do you have any pets ?
just the crazy cat , who may or may not have rabies . j
great . i am chilling out watching a good movie
i need some of that . i am all out of energy
oh yummy . i do ! almost as much as fast food
i am watch lord of the rings . it is the best movie out there
aw how sweet . i do not have animals but i have kids
that is too sweet . i love that name
that might be a good idea . keep them busy while i clean
no kidding . what do you do for fun
i would not mind some brownies . ice cream is my favorite . how are you ?
cute ! i do not have any pets . it is hard to keep pets in a vehicle . haha .
do you have a significant other ?
i easily fall in and out of love . i guess i am philanthropic .
yes ! i give all my love away to anyone who wants some !
really ? i find most people are more reserved with sharing feelings and love .
that is probably true .
i do not have one . how are you today ?
do you have a favorite book ? mine is anne of green gables .
that is a good one . do you have pets ? i always wanted a pet pig .
did you ever win a contest ? i once won a beauty pageant , not worth my time .
what do you do for a job ? i love owning office supplies , its an obsession .
line of what ? teaching is a great profession .
that must mean that you are very smart .
hello . how are you today ?
i am great . studying for a quiz
human anatomy and physiology . have to know the bones in the skull
i am in college . are you
what school do you attend
i study at a small state school in massachusetts
about 90 minutes from boston
probably new york city is my favorite
hi how are you doing ?
what are you going to school for ?
i thought you were a college kid
do you have any pets ?
what city are you from ?
do you have any hobbies ?
great , do you have a favorite food ? mine is pizza but sometime i eat sushi too .
cooking is my hobby it helps pass the time while i study under my master .
well my teacher make me call him master i am a student of the social sciences .
is that what you do ? maybe we can go talk over some sushi .
awesome but we need tuna the big fish .
well lets try it sounds fun .
i said cooking did i not ? i might not have i am very forgetful .
a cook ? i have got a george foreman in the pantry myself , i will have you know !
yeah , i know what you mean . cheese does not go well with a lot of stuff .
they are grown , but i do have it easy . i spend my time out fishing !
you do anything besides cook ? i hate going out , myself , so i respect that .
i am 6 3 . a bit taller than you , i suppose !
you bake , too ? that is incredibly impressive . make anything good ?
brownies ? i am more of a pancake man , myself . you know how to flip a pancake ?
you must really be one hell of a chef if baking a pie is easy !
ok , yet i am in high school and live in the states ,
i am a guy and the name is jace . i love ice hockey and enjoy math
if we are gonna watch tv gonna have to multi task trig test coming up .
well , my parents are expecting me to get to this elite college ,
sorry , we always cannot get what we want in life
heck , if i got what i wanted i would not study but have too . . .
no can do . . . . being a senior there is a lot on my plate
i am good thanks for asking . how we you ?
ok . what are you singing ?
that is cool . i absolutely love country music
i really like celine dion . what about you ?
that is good . are you in school . i study at unl .
it is in lincoln , nebraska .
its nice i love it here . definitely a fun atmosphere .
lincoln where i live has 1 4 of million people so more city
finishing plans for my wedding in the park next week ! what are you baking ?
gnarly ! reminds me of the niagra falls where we are taking our honeymoon .
yeah , although i would prefer the beach . the falls are her idea .
7 years . you would think my family would like her by now but they do not .
that is sad . she is crazy though , wants my dog to be the ring bearer .
if the dog would listen , and hopefully not have to potty during the ceremony .
long hours ! definitely deserve a break by surfing !
thank you . good luck at the surf event !
pretty well , how is your night going ?
helping my son with homework , quiet night
i like the sound of music , not noise and people , what are u sewing ?
nice , hope he likes his sweater
getting ready to retire and teach piano part time , you ?
get to meet lot of people , but hectic job
i waitress in college , many years ago , not easy
hi , i am todd and have 2 kids .
aside from being a workaholic , basketball is one of my past times .
born and raised in texas , how about you ?
i will be going to see imagine dragons , they are the best . what music do you like ?
great ! have a good day .
my family lives in arizona , usually nice but always hot .
about 15 years now .
not unless my career takes me there . we are settled for now .
congrats ! no i graduated and i work in an architect firm .
yes all the time ! i love computers and cooking .
yes i can ! i also like to fish .
i am 36 and own three dogs !
cool i have loved video games since i was 5 with atari and nintendo
haha yes my family did not have much money
i am married but i may also be looking for someone on the side haha
true that . we went to the boston college home opener this year it was crazy .
i am fine . hello how are you today ?
i do and i am the youngest .
two brothers and a bunch of half sisters .
nice , i just started school in nyc
sex ed , what is your favorite color ?
i love red , reminds me of summer time .
no , and i actually like blue better .
yes , i am a photographer
blessed and yourself this evening ?
well yea but the littlest things interest me
sick i have never worked more than 4 days lol
that is sick ! do you ride the bus ?
egg i hate them so much !
so many weirdos on them buses lol
like what are soccer things exactly lol
enjoying my pretentious hipster life . watching the voice and planning my next vacation .
bach just came on shuffle . classical gets me in the productivity zone . i said hipster , not trashy .
not at all . unless it was hand crafted by someone learning wire work for the first time .
any work can be hipster , as long as you have gone to an ivy .
you are on the right track by pretending its a doctors office . now just drink an ipa .
your boss is lame . he needs to travel more .
hi ! doing fine just got myself an iphone today
nice i got mine in red , my favorite color
i am just living at home with my parents so i can travel a lot . you ?
congrats ! just traveling really with my headsets than earbuds for good music
that is awesome . yeah countrys perfect for traveling the country
i would say kansas . i imagine journeying to find the wizard of oz there
wow ! you can probably look it up on your iphone too
cool . you would enjoy traveling too !
i am great how about you ?
cool . . . i am here listening to some of my old rock music
i am listening to aerosmith
i am in alabama , i work from home designing video games .
sorry to hear that . so , what do you do for fun ?
hawaii sounds great . what is your favorite food ?
i like all types of food except broccoli
maybe i can try eating broccoli that way cheesy .
hello , i just came back from walking my dog . i love espresso ! !
that sounds pretty . do you like the chili peppers ?
very cool . i play the bass , and sing a little .
i do . dani california is my best one .
that is a great one . by the way is another good one .
i have no idea . i am vegan too .
that sounds lovely . do they have komodo teas ?
i prefer tea , but do love coffee when i decide to drink it .
i am great , i just miss my dad today . how are you ?
i wish i had a bed , i sleep in the trenches .
you should quit band and join us in our fight !
do you consider yourself more of a hobbit or an orc ?
blast you ! i am reinghast , general of the hordes 256th brigade !
eh , do not feel bad . i am just a 32 year old virgin who lives with his mother .
well , i tried to move out but she keeps begging me to stay . i am that charming .
i know , but since my dad is gone , i feel a certain obligation to stay .
i am doing well , just watching some old movies .
i do not have any . one of my adopted kids is allergic
what do you do ? i teach yoga classes
are you from quebec ? i would love to visit that place someday .
new york . moved here when my wife got a job as a diesel mechanic
i wish i could help . what is your qualification ?
do you speak another language ?
i speak only english , and a little spanish
i bet that is interesting . i teach history
you are a funny guy . i love animals though
my fiance and i are planning a bbq for our wedding
my dad is remarried after his divorce . his new wife is a chef
after my parents divorce i was nervous about marriage
i bet that was hard . but there was probably a bright side
i like blue i guess , you ?
that is nice . i am changing mine to red now
nervous mess , proposing to my 6 month pregnant girlfriend tonight .
yeah , just graduated college and landed my dream job you ?
i am a high school football coach . i played all through college .
i could never do those poses , drives me nuts , lol
i am a pretty big guy so those things are not so friendly to me
we are looking for a house to buy , recently been surfing the net you ?
well that explains why you said you like romance lol
what is your favorite one ?
the singer justin timberlake now that is funny
yeah not sure he is a good singer either but hey that is hollywood
i am great ! how are you ?
that is scary . i like to collect shells but do not want to be there beach now !
i like to do yoga on the beach . i have taught a few of my classes there .
cool ! that sounds like fun ! as long as there is no hurricane coming . . .
i bet . i sent my three boys technically 2 are chiuahuahs to grandmas house .
georgia . but preying for just in case of evac is easier without worrying about them
absolutely ! and they know they are safe . less stress for them too !
i am doing great . my dog bob says hi as well .
nice ! what do you do on your spare time ?
i do too ! i live in hawaii . fishing is also a great hobby here too .
it is ! for fun , we make boats as well . you should really come and visit !
yes . originally born here . where are you from ?
oh that is amazing ! i have never been to france .
i am alright . taking a lunch break before getting back to work . you ?
that is cool . i am not good at cooking . i work with horses .
i love it so much . my parents want me to do something more with my life
it does not feel like training , just getting to know new friends . you know ?
thanks ! i am planning to publish a book about it . it is slow writing it though
true . what is your favorite band ?
i have the postal service playing right now .
no not really i like all music .
hi !
i am well , how about you ?
not bad . i live in vienna , austria
i paint a lot in my free time .
its easy , there is no right or wrong answers
funny part is my job is in it . soosoo opposite
it like tech support . fixing internet and stuff .
its very stressful . people always blame me for the computers not working !
good , having cod for lunch . you ?
fish tacos are my all time favorite . its practically all i eat .
no . i on the atlantic coast and live on my boat so i catch my own .
crabs are further north but crunch crab cakes are sooo good !
as jane austen would say , there is nothing like the comfort of home .
well i am not really an outdoorsy person so it makes no difference to me .
i stay inside and underdeck as much as possible ! ! ! hate the salty air
what kind of dr . are you studying to be ?
hi jed . i am sara . i really do not like to eat meat .
that nice . is music a big part of your life ?
i prefer to eat the things i grow in my garden
ok . do you spend a lot of time driving ?
i am more of a homebody .
i like to work in my garden with the compost i make and grow fruit .
i grow it on trees with a lot of work
i enjoy making things with my own hands
really ? not me , because i am a grown adult woman .
makes more sense , i dream to get my 11th tattoo . i have 10 .
do you have any motorcycle stamps for my motorcycle club ?
i love teal , my motorcycle club banner is teal . ever fought ?
fighting is my hobby , have not lost a fight . i have a ninja .
i am a black belt , these girls have nothing on me .
i told you i was a woman in the beginning . lol
i will have to record it and put in on social media .
i am ryan i have lot of tats
wow that is interesting must have been cold
wow that is so interesting i am a older woman
i am a good fighter i love boxing
why do you have to do that
sure i am waiting thank you
ok see you then thanks
it will pop up soon i know that
oh , well , that is cool ! does it get tough sometimes to live that way ?
well , i think most people wonder that about a lot of aspects of their lives
for instance , i wonder if my job is really what i want to do . . .
oh , what do you do ?
you are a school teacher ? me , i work as an accountant
ahh taxes . i think you would get more hate for that than being a lesbian . . .
i am an accountant , so i kind of know what you are feeling all those regs . .
i am good and you
do you read it often ?
nice do you work out
what were you doing there
that is nice what did you guys do there ?
i am very jealous of that
i am not really no
i am not currently no
its going good . just listening to some backstreet boys . i love them
yes ! ! i only 4 pills a day keeping me alive so i live to the fullest
being younger than 46 , i would have to say live the way you want haha
yes , unless it involves driving . i hate it with a passion !
you know what sounds good ? ? ? cheese ! ! !
i just love it all . the taste of cheese is the best !
those are my favorite ! you should at least try it
it was busy . how was yours ?
oh wow , i bet they keep you on your toes .
i am 57
too wee
no just work out at the gym
yes
its always good to have a spotter
i am fine , what are you doing ?
oh wow what is wrong with her ?
oh i am so sorry , and i am here worried about being bald .
i have no idea , i think i may be allergic to my parrot
i will be okay i asked my mom to take the parrot she refused .
its not that simple he is a part of my life , had him for a few years
i feel you he like my best friend .
thanks i am sure i will .
i am doing pretty good . how about yourself ?
what did you make ? i just got home from high school .
my parents who came to the usa from europe love making sandwiches .
i like to ride motorcycles a lot . what about you ?
i enjoy baseball also . are you in school ?
i am currently taking some college level classes at my private high school .
online classes are great . i took a few of them in the past !
i am great ! i just drove my prius . how are you ?
low carting it i see . i just had tofu tiki masala , but i do not care for tofu .
i try to be . i work for a big law firm what do you do ?
you are working toward law too . that is so cool ! small world .
wow ! that must be a lot of fun ! do you travel a lot ?
how fun ! we own our own home and we also have a time share in oahu .
hey ! i think the future is looking pretty bad . you seen how we treat animals ?
that is why i am vegan . everyone in seattle is a vegan now . do you have pets ?
i am an only child , but in pr so i guess its kind of the same .
prs public relations ! i am adopted , too . a buddhist family adopted me when i showed up .
i agree ! do you listen to any music ?
oh , cool . i am glad you have got your place in the world and everything !
hey there good morning how are you ?
lol what ? i work at the paper
excuse me ? are you single ?
i love writing a lot
that is cool , what is your favorite color ?
mine is grey soft grey .
i like it because it gives me extra
really ? where ? care to share ?
i am very well , thank you . enjoying a delicious hamburger as we speak
i like to read a lot , mostly the dictionary
i do not . i do love hot dogs , though . do you have dogs ?
did you graduate from college ? i have not
oh , nice ! i have seen a lot of cool advertisements in the desert my favorite place
very nice . i am jealous of that !
i am . have you done anything fun lately ?
awesome . has it been hard ?
no , i am not very active . i prefer to stay home with my cat
terrible . how did you survive that ?
her name is valentina . i have been studying italian so it was nice
do you have a favorite show ?
i do not really watch many . i mostly spend time reading
a cheeseburger sounds amazing . i am busy studying right now
hi names harvey and i am a football player
yeah , and drive a refurbished mustang
i am also in a community college
i am single it is ok . i do not care to date right now .
why do you hate your husband so much ?
ah , some thing i do not do . no offense .
yeah , and quite not interested to be honest .
wow that is awesome . i also like action movies . what about you ?
i am doing swell thanks for asking . how about yourself ?
yum ! i have a confession to make
i am addicted to the color blue !
www that sucks ! i recently dyed my hair blue . terrible decision
nice ! i also have blue shoes and car
probably ! there are clients for everything !
i am from california a blue state haha . and you ?
i am well , how are you ? what are your plans for today ?
i am going to work , where i do housekeeping . what are your hobbies ?
fun ! i like to bowl . i have actually bowled a perfect game two times !
do you like to camp ?
my dad was a police officer , so we used to go camping during his breaks .
no , i do not anymore . i do like to work in my wood shop outdoors though .
oh not much , just hanging out watching some tv . i am cat .
no but it sounds interesting . i am more into podcasts than tv .
my favorite ! do you have any kids ?
wow i bet . i do not have any either .
that is a crazy job . i bet you have though , i do not think i could do that .
that is awesome . good to have a rewarding job .
its definitely crazy these days . what else do you do in your free time ?
awesome ! i volunteer at the battered womens shelter , its very rewarding too .
hey , i am good so far
really ? interesting . what is your favorite car ?
do you listen to music ?
ohh nice , i was thinking about buying one soon
really ! ! me too . wow . fascinating
do you drink anything else besides beer ? such as smoothies ?
really ? i currently have a job at smoothie shop
after work i try to listen to basketball games , because i love basketball .
i am good but i miss baseball already . i like watching it .
my wife and kids do not like it but i think my pets do .
2 cats pete and repeat and my dog bongo . they like sports more than my kids .
i like to travel any way other than running . i do not like having to run .
i always wanted to go to central and south america .
they do not like baseball like i do . rio , sao paulo and lots of other places .
remember my 2 cats and dog with the funny names ?
hello , i am looking for a good listener
dr . pepper is my favorite drink , but i like beer and reading .
i will listen . divorced ladies like me like to listen
nursing in the emergency room right now
football is nice . i am more of a reader than a sports person
yes it does . it is stressful though
i like nursing journals and self help books
hi ! doing great ! you ? blue or green ?
ah , wrong ! blue is my fav color . what hobbies do you have ?
i am into cooking and running ! what kind of music ?
my mom liked country music . . . that is before she died
thanks ! it was long time ago , i was a child . anyway , do you have pets ?
no , i do not have any , yet .
i prepare food . i would like think i am very good at it and people like my dishes
hi nothing much just got done playing my guitar
oh i love dogs i have two huskies
i really like their blue eyes
where are you currently located ?
i am a michigan state trooper
pretty good pay i heard
you must really love pizza
i am great , how are you today ?
that is great . i would like to be a teacher in the future .
i would like to teach english . what is your favorite animal ?
i love my dog . she is the cutest thing . do you have one ?
i understand that . what do you like to do ?
that is great . i love indie music from almost twenty years ago
do you go to any concerts in the area ?
you should check some out online for date night
watching game of thrones . what are you up to ?
do you have any hobbies ?
shopping and watching movies on netflix .
lol what state do you live in ?
north carolina , right near the coast .
its nice up here . but we do not get any snow . i love snow .
hey ! i am good , not much going on in this small town . how about you ?
i would rather be shopping . what do you like to do ?
what are you going to school for ?
what do you want to be when you grow up ?
cool ! i wanted to become a nurse .
they can be scary but it is just a pinch . do you like the country ?
me too ! i love taking drives down the country side .
hi there well . just finishing up a bunch of tacos
me too . i have a job while i waiting to start college
yeah . that was one of the most awesome things about summer .
no . you must though , if you are asking .
wow that is a lot .
huh . that is an interesting combination . say more .
mexican . no spaghetti for me . what do you draw ?
i am doing great how about yourself ?
same welcome to life lol college student
same here ! i am doing well just real busy
hard to do with so many distractions ! where are you from
originally europe but now in new york lol
yep i want to move to california
i want to ride my motorcycle there
fine . thinking of breaking up with my boyfriend . 5 years is too long for me .
well i live with him so doing that over text would be problematic
my it work would give me the skills to do that . lol
we have moved to vienna , i do not know many people outside of him .
the art gallery could be a place . i love to paint vienna secession copies
what is your profession ? i am an it tech
oh . i used to do that . my mother was the sweetest person .
families hold societies together . do you think ?
i love magic mike and singing
i love teaching and live in the city . i hate it . hate it .
do you like video games ? i do , and magic mike .
wow ! that is alot of kids !
3 . its awesome . they keep me busy
i have fun with them
yes . that is fun fun fun
i am doing great today , how about you ?
i wish my ears would stop ringing . i played a gig last night and it was loud .
i am from seattle , so naturally i am all about grunge . ear protection is very un grunge lol
oh nice , what kind of work do you do ?
mmmm , bacon . i am a barista at starbucks .
i hear a lot of people losing lots of weight by cutting out meat
yes i drink way too much coffee
my roommates and i probably go through four pots a day
hi ! great just finished my pizza ! i am tom . how are you ?
which show were you in ?
cool ! how far did you get on the show ? do you get to travel a lot now ?
wonderful ! i bet it was fun . what hobbies do you have ?
mostly eating italian food , which is kinda strange , since i come from east asia .
true , i am a proof of that ! what food do you like ?
are you on a special diet for what you do in the circus ?
my name is minny , how are you ?
winter , cause all the fruits and veggies die
what is the weirdest thing that has ever happened to your family ?
we found a baby on the side of a highway once and took it in
we have a farm , so it was an extra farm hand
farm work is rather boring , and smells bad , but makes money
i grew up in the suburbs but we moved to a farm when i was a teenager
i kinda like to fish , but not too much since it is boring
i am great ! enjoying my day at work ! you ?
oh , no . why ?
that is sad . maybe you need to go to the beach .
maybe you should get a pet . my dog george helps me feel better when i am sad .
what do you do for a living ? i had a job at the cable company .
what do you like then ?
oh . i love a lot of things . i like riding my bike .
i think you just need a vacation . .
hi , i am good how about you ?
to watch the newest game of thrones episode , what about you ?
i also like the voice , so where you from ?
i was born in alabama but moved to ohio for a new job
my mom also , but she is a checker at a grocery store
i do not read , how about you ?
editing my manuscript . would you like to read it ?
perfect ! it is set in africa and is about a girl and her zebra .
do you remember any of it ? the girl crosses the namib desert and almost loses her zebra .
some places are dangerous . did you always want to be a teacher ?
if my manuscript is accepted i hope they cast me in the movie .
works for sam lee and even steven king had his cameos .
stan lee i mean . i auditioned for mary jane in one of those movies .
aspiring . there must have been milk in something i ate that day , got so sick .
i am good . how about you ?
that sounds like fun ! i am just working on school and work .
on occasion . when there is whiskey involved lol
you will have to invite me to one . no pool parties , i lose my contacts underwater !
honey whiskey is good . my fave is devils cut though
there is no such thing as a bad whiskey ! i like wolves
i am doing well , how are you ?
i do like nature , i am very into horses . do you own any ?
i am bad with music , maybe that is why i can not get dates .
no only in america . i make a lot of money here
yeah i made 95 thousand this year trifecta betting
i am not sure what you mean
oh i do not quite get it . what is your favorite color
oh yeah pink is pretty nice
yeah , kinda . my job is not giving me enough hours .
well , juggling school and work is difficult
one day , i will be incharge of my own business and i will work however many hours
actually , i am going to go rock out with my friend at the gay pride parade later
yeah , anything to do with computers .
rob cop is pretty good movie .
that is nice man . yeah , i hope to get my degree soon in computer engineering
i am doing food . just having a break at work . office jobs get a bit mundane
well , its nothing interesting like gaming , i can tell you that
yes it really is , that and going for a run
that is cool . i once saw a kid skating at a national park .
you like national parks then ? i love the green scenery . green is just the best color
you should come with me sometime
that sounds fun , maybe you could teach me
hello , yes it is ! do you like music ?
ok , whats your favorite band ? i love guns and roses .
oh , i like rock bands . whats your favorite color ?
do you mean instagram ? how old are you ?
that is great ! my favorite color is black , i always wear it . whats yours ?
i am 25 . i need to go buy another black purse . cheers !
i am doing well . just playing the guitar .
sounds exciting ! where do you work ?
sounds like a pleasant job being outdoors . i am so sick of my office job !
nice ! i have always lived in big cities so i love nature but from afar .
i can understand that . i enjoy country music though .
i am more into garth brooks .
i believe that he is .
i am fine , thank you . how about yourself ?
perhaps you could make money cooking if your good at it . i like to make easy money .
if i could play the stock market well , i might invest money into your band .
i love how new technology may help with playing the stock market , as well as working online .
what i find enjoying is reading the news . perhaps i could also do it in my pjs .
that does not sound like an easy way to make money . new tech makes home working easier .
do you suggest me investing in the box making factory in the stock market ?
i am good . looking online about taking a trip to the uk .
i have never gone horseback riding . i love to skate though .
there is a rink near my house .
no , i wish ! i work for a real estate company . boring !
really ? to buy or sell ?
oh . what do you do for a living ?
oh , that is very cool .
anything , but beach homes are my specialty .
do you ever get boarded with life ?
i bet you get allot of attention because of your disability . i envy that .
you must stick out in a crowd . no one notices me not even my family .
what kind of music do you like ? i love the classics like boch and mozart
you do not listen to music ? are you from outer space ?
ugh , family ! i have not spoken to my family in years .
ha ! that would make them pay attention to me for sure !
you say such strange things . youre cool . are you sure your not an alien ?
i am doing good . i am just getting ready for work .
i work a part time job at a retail store . you ?
you will do just fine . i think my roommate also auditioned for a talent show
i have no idea i am also very shy
well you can pretend not to see the audience maybe that can work
that is very funny being nervous . it make you forget things
hmm if you set your mind to something you will achieve anything you want
hello is anyone here tonight ?
interesting . is she a married lady ?
so you have asthma , and she is married ?
well sound to me like she is very unavailable .
you plan on pursuing her , even though she is married ? dude not cool
did you see the nats tonight ? good game
yeah the pizza joint went crazy when the ball went out
yeah i love pizza
not bad . just trying to get my hair untangled from my hoop earring . how about you ?
i once sketched a couple playing tennis . the intensity of their expressions was irresistable
i love watching the stars come out , and watching charlie chase my laser pointer lol
mine is silver . i am craving pizza , like always ! do you like pizza
what else do you do for fun ?
no . its a broadway show , right ?
spectacular . do you want me to cut your hair ?
yes , i can give you a head massage before ! please ?
okay , well i understand just call me when you do . what are you up to ?
just re dying my hair purple and enjoying the hues
i am getting ready for that stage just need to pop the little alien out !
remember , breathe in ! ! breath out ! ! breathe in ! ! breathe out ! ! !
nannette is the name of my poodle dog
my career is based in the new york financial sector
i prefer easy jazz music
i love to put on a suit and tie surprisingly
my dogs name is nannette , she is a poodle
wall street is a great place to have a job
so long humanoid carbon lifeform
sure , what do you garden ?
i volunteer at urban farms so i can definitely help .
i do ! it was being outdoors that led me to becoming a vegan .
i will try not to ! do you have hobbies besides gardening ?
nice i like tours and bookkeeping . do you have a job ?
you could get a job at the grocery store with me . they will throw coins at you .
no problem . you should also become a vegan though
i work graveyard at a hotel so i can surf all day
i just started last year when i went to college in california
i am still learning but really am having fun
i am going for acting . . . robert denaro was an inspiration to me
i still get very nervous but i am working on it .
both . i use to make videos as a kid making snowmen . snow is my favorite .
i love dragons , its fun to watch movies with them all the action .
hi i am good what is your job
i work ina recruiting company
really anthing that is on the radio
that is cool do you have pets
no i wish i had a dog
that is true what do you like to eat
i like brunch especially at a cute spot
mostly mom and pop places
could be better , having a rough monday . how are you ?
oh that is terrible ! i am so sorry ! my heart goes out to you . how long were you together ?
does she have a reason why ?
you feel trapped ? maybe you both should move on . do you live together ?
well , she is not supporting you is she ?
oh then that is crazy of her to say ! does not sound like she supportive
i am kind of tired to be honest . how about you ?
ah , i went to bed late last night because i was up programming .
why ? what else do you like to do in your free time ?
interesting , i am studying to become a programmer .
no , it is actually very interesting . i hope to start my own company .
thank you , you should look into it sometime . programming lets you do a lot .
what kind of literature interests you ?
what like taco bell or something ?
i have not been in school for awhile . i work all the time
that is awesome . i work at a school too . 60 hours a week
it is pretty hard . i do not get enough exercise like i should
well congrats . i am proud of you . what do you do for fun ?
i love to watch the sun set . nothing is better
i am so jealous . i have to drive out to the country to see a good one
i would love that . what do you do in the morning time ?
i love music . i pretty much eat breakfast then go back to sleep
i am well . just finished working at the church food pantry where o am . most days .
i have 5 lovely children that are my world . 2 have died
the tallest sunflowers you have ever seen are over their graves
i grow them as well as read agatha christie novels
i love reading them . do you like to read ?
reading keeps me from thoughts of the suicide pact i have with my husband
try too . i would enjoy ireland
i am doing fantastic . life is good . oh , and i am from florida .
i see . i am really into hip hop myself . both personally and professionally .
yes it is . what has your summer in alabama been like ?
man that sucks ! so what kind of work do you do ?
ha ! did he jump out and scare you ?
cool . whats it like working with your moms ?
oh , is it awkward being her boss ?
i am good just tired , just got out of work at mcdonalds
cool , do you go to school ?
me either , taking a year off before college . how old are you ?
my parents think i am pretty strange for an 18 year old sometimes
half a century old , that is pretty cool . do you drive ?
thank you ! i do not either yet , i am saving for a car
anime is cool but i only watch when my parents are gone
pork skins are good but my favorite is spaghetti
i am good ! winding down the day with some smooth jazz
me too ! i once broke my nose trying to peak in on a jazz concert !
yep . i was 10 . my nose is still messed up
haha , it was over 25 years ago , i am over it
i am a man . . . a man with a plan . . . . lol
nice to meet you female . whats your favorite city ?
no . what kind of car ?
i drive into atlanta sometimes to see my mom and best friend
i drive a prius . i like to protect the earth
no . i spend most of my time in my garden .
that is great . did you just graduate high school ?
not really i am kind of an introvert
my mom works with high school kids . where did you go to school ?
no i do not . how ?
hi i am currently in cali . . . you ?
i am in riverside . not far from there
i am a student and i work at starbucks
what the heck is that ?
oh ok i have no idea . . .
yes i do . i go to the casinos
i am great . how about you
i run research at a french fry company
thanks . i do that often . so often
ooh . that is nice . gotta tell my daughter about that
that is nice . do you have stuffed toys
wow . i would love to meet you someday
have you consulted a hotline for your gambling problem yet ?
that sounds wonderful ! i love hiking because of how green things are .
do you work near where you hike ?
i hate taking phone calls , i work as a cashier at mcdonalds because i love people .
i am not very good at spanish , but i did take it in high school .
i try to , but everyone has their good and bad days .
setbacks are okay , over time you will get better at avoiding gambling .
i am great ! how are you ?
that sounds delicious . i made pancakes for breakfast this morning .
that does not sound weird . i love to hike with my friends , is that weird ?
how about biking ? i love to bike .
what other things do you like to do ?
what kind of food do you cook at work ?
i have never gone to an indian restaurant .
what is your favorite food at your restaurant ?
hi i am linda and i am a stay at home mom
i have 2 daughters clarice and beth
they are 10 and 15
not really i go mountain climbing alot while the girls are at school
antiques are fun and i meet new people when i go
yes i always have my best friends with me just to be safe
i love taking taking adventures to places i have never been before
hi , doing ok . how are you ?
aw bummer . i am getting ready to go riding today
sounds nice too . what are your hobbies ?
any favorite shows ? i like riding . . . horses , motorcycles , my classic cars .
nice . where do you live ?
berkeley right now . but i also live in portland , arizona , and others
no sorry portland oregon and a little town in arizona that no one has ever heard of
yeah haha . i like to drive my motorcycle or vintage cars back and forth
i like to work on antique cars while listening to classic music .
awesome i work at a marketing company that provides graphic for advertising .
its the sales part of advertising . i am currently working on a beer campaign .
now that is funky , go for it . . .
they are artistic and like to show diversity .
what is life without taking risks ?
why not . . how are you doing ? ?
i am jst 20 . . how was ur weekend ?
course . . anything fun this weekend ? ?
do you go out a lot ? ?
i like to go into nature a lot . .
no . . its crazy lol
ya . . those are transformed into our cars . .
i am doing very good how are you doing today ?
you would think being stationed in france i would have learned french
it was beautiful i fell in love with fresh meat while there
the pasta was good but no where near as good as italy
i used to travel with my dad who is ex military
i am sorry you never got to meet him
i have managed to avoid work
hi ! i am doing well . how are you ? what music do you like ?
i am not into sports . i read books . i like all music , except country .
no , not yet . i really want to travel the world with a car , plane , anything
is 5 11 tall enough ?
and how tall are you then ?
ok , if you say so . are your parents tall too ?
a furious bunch ! i like spending time with mine too friends and family
are you into any sports ?
oh yes . sounds like so much fun . ets eat donuts
that sounds awful . let me
i si live in a tiny house
i have 14 monkeys and a man
i m great at playing the sock
i go to college right now
how to eat cheese fast
aching ! i just ran under 5 miles in the heat and i m hot tired cranky
i though maybe of trying another triathlon but the running part i hate !
i love to eat as well but i m trying to watch my figure
that sounds quaint . i m independently wealthy . love it !
snowboarding is my passion and i met my first husband in the alps .
tall ! i m going to take my daughter there this winter as a graduation present . you rich ?
sad . i m looking forward to a big tax break so i can keep more money
i used to be middle class and now am terrifically rich . no comparison .
i am looking for love , i will never stop . was the youngest of eight kids did not get enough love .
i sell estates here if you are interested . i also have to wait tables on the weekends
my close circle of friends fought a clown monster together . we can do anything
so lets try to get you moved down here bad credit and all . we need more fighters
and i am looking for a lover remember . . .
i love rap music and strong men or women ! i just want to feel love again
only if you do i am desperate love me please ! ! ! ! !
not yet but i need it baby !
why did you have to wear glasses
can you see better now
what do you do for a job
what are you going to publish
what do you write about
what are they about ? food ?
what kind of food do you write about
where all have you been
i am doing good , how are you ?
awesome , what type of products did you have in mind ?
that is great , do you sell them online ?
how about clothes for pets ? i would like options for my pet skunk .
are they cost efficient ?
awesome , did you go to school for fashion ?
that is great , natural talent . i will be sure to visit your online shop !
you are welcome , have a great day !
must be going through emotion . what happened to you ?
i am sure there are some that do . just maybe to shy to say .
i am sure most girls do not even mind . me , being single , would not care either !
yes , and also a yoga instructor . who loves nature .
thanks . i do not think i am at all interesting . so do you have more hobbies ?
my favorite kind of car ! yes , new friends are good . any favorite foods ?
if it includes salad , my favorite . i am up for it .
i am well with the kids , how is your evening .
cool ! i feel so sorry for my home town , i love basketball .
i like bands , the 1 i love is imagine . thank you .
that is cool i would love to watch but i am always working .
i love being with my kids when i am off though .
i work for a construction , you ?
i am well trying to get to it , like dogs ? i love em
really ? i got 2 right now
my mom hates to visit she allergic to them
true but their hair is every where
i leave them at home they get so mad lol
1 does the other does not i gotta leave em home when i go to my parents ugh
hi
i am well and you ?
every saturday i like to get my nails done
yeah mine chip quite a bit so i have to get them done every week
i like r b and pop , you
do you have any guilty pleasures ?
wedding planning is always insane ! my guilty pleasure is watching we
yeah , what do you do for a living
good , its a bit rainy though . tell me about yourself .
that is cool ! i am a degenerate college graduate with no job
i sell miscellaneous stuff at local fairs , its being going well .
that is sounds tough ! making clothes
ew vegetarians , i do not trust them .
rage get out please .
not bad , how are you ?
that sounds cool , but not sure i would have enough patience for it !
katy perry has some good tunes for running , that is what i like doing
watching movies . my favorite is 16 candles . have you seen it ?
no , not really . my kids keep me pretty busy so little time for hobbies .
how many kids do you have ?
i also have three kids !
congrats i am cindy a chef i aspire to own a restaurant
awesome what is you favorite color ? mine happens to be green
oh i grew up on a farm . do you have hobbies ? i like netflix and sleep
i rarely go to theatres too many people
oh that would not of been bad at all
oh that sounds good right now
sounds really good . did you watch any games today ?
no i was really busy today did not have a chance
